the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 	0
emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 	0
spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 	0
amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 	0
she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 	0
this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 	0
styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 	0
being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 	0
the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 	0
david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 	0
women craved him and men wanted to be him . 	0
set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 	0
lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 	0
the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 	0
they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 	0
but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 	0
with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 	0
valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 	0
saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 	0
deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 	0
as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 	0
in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 	0
all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 	0
television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 	0
jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 	0
'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 	0
however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 	0
called " an elegant documentary " by sundance and " eloquent and deeply moving " by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence . 	0
straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 	0
a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 	0
it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 	0
a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 	0
soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 	0
his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 	0
with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 	0
seeking a mental escape , simone begins to tune into what's happening with the other couples around her . 	0
the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 	0
then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 	0
on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 	0
shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 	0
before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 	0
but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 	0
the movie takes place in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) . 	0
rainone's love affair with singing sensation kelly mcguire whom he discovered and his near demise by the hands of his own prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; vincent riccola is the juice that fuels this roller coaster ride through two debauchery-filled decades of greed , sex , drugs and rock and roll . 	0
trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 	0
decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 	0
since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 	0
there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 	0
a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 	0
matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 	0
elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 	0
everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 	0
used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass and cary to have a comfortable and bountiful life until doqa gracia comes to bring them into her home . 	0
the story of a normal family in which come out the dreams of those who have lost their possibilities and of those who want to realize them . 	0
with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 	0
they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 	0
the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 	0
however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 	0
years later , on a hunting trip in the maine woods , they are overtaken by a blizzard , a vicious storm in which something much more ominous moves . 	0
consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 	0
when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 	0
chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 	0
not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 	0
their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 	0
they call themselves d . e . b . s . 	0
the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 	0
they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 	0
the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 	0
soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 	0
edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 	0
bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 	0
sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 	0
with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 	0
drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 	0
she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 	0
when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 	0
 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 	0
rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 	0
journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 	0
each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 	0
robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 	0
with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 	0
graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 	0
genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 	0
palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 	0
a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 	0
ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 	0
anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 	0
believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 	0
identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 	0
frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 	0
set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 	0
during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 	0
the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 	0
he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 	0
surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 	0
upon discovering her infidelity , roxie's husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie is sent to jail , pending hanging . 	0
initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 	0
his plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 	0
inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 	0
however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 	0
arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 	0
ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 	0
chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 	0
chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 	0
she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 	0
one of the friends is a dress designer and provides him the artist's clothes and imported cars are provided to him to enjoy life . 	0
three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 	0
fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 	0
but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 	0
today marks a special anniversary for the couple and they set out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion picnic . 	0
the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 	0
the boy gets a shock when he comes to know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 	0
in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 	0
blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 	0
after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 	0
when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 	0
renata is a young high-class girl and ulises is a poor guy . 	0
amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 	0
in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 	0
he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 	0
all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 	0
renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 	0
but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 	0
the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 	0
johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 	0
during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 	0
kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 	0
her loving parents feel helpless as they watch their daughter suffer . 	0
area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 	0
while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 	0
frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 	0
they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 	0
but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 	0
the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 	0
but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 	0
a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 	0
in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 	0
two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 	0
carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 	0
together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 	0
in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 	0
although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 	0
the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 	0
this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 	0
matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 	0
a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 	0
there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 	0
the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 	0
sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 	0
he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 	0
the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 	0
a film so terrifying - even the monsters are frightened ! 	0
what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 	0
love , politics and intrigue intermingle in this taut retelling of graham greene's classic tale of a disillusioned british journalist , an idealistic young american and the beautiful vietnamese woman that comes between them in 1950s saigon . 	0
thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 	0
3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 	0
ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 	0
a close acquaintance overhears their conversation , and , promised a fee , reports the win to max ( david winburn ) , smooth-talking but deadly leader of a hoodlum gang , who sends his beautiful paramour , cindy ( kelly taylor ) , to seduce jose , if necessary , to get her hands on the winning ticket . 	0
when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 	0
jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 	0
fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 	0
oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 	0
at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 	0
from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 	0
there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome . 	0
america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate cyber-terror . 	0
besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 	0
but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 	0
the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 	0
chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 	0
a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 	0
amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 	0
ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 	0
they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 	0
whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 	0
they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 	0
there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 	0
but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 	0
documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 	0
a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 	0
before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 	0
one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 	0
but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 	0
in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 	0
kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 	0
he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 	0
in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 	0
at times he seems to share nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in making inroads with the girls at school . 	0
but there are some surprises on the way . . . 	0
the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 	0
they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 	0
a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 	0
his father and brother are dead for so many years . 	0
as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship . 	0
unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 	0
the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 	0
the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 	0
the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 	0
she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 	0
four characters are carried over , the first sergeant , the clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit . 	0
she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 	0
to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 	0
the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 	0
his search soon sends him down a dangerous path . . . 	0
together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 	0
they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 	0
ahas , son from a poor family , in his inner struggles , joins the troop of his classmates and heads for the front . 	0
this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 	0
during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 	0
it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 	0
former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 	0
but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 	0
the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 	0
and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 	0
leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 	0
but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 	0
all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 	0
this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 	0
they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 	0
after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 	0
ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 	0
sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 	0
having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 	0
meanwhile , on jesse&#180 ; s trail is the saint of the killers , a holy cowboy assassin with the mission of kill custer . 	0
swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 	0
how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 	0
the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 	0
over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 	0
conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 	0
and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 	0
he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent . 	0
standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 	0
adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job . 	0
then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 	0
brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 	0
while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 	0
in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 	0
he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 	0
juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 	0
the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 	0
her harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not forgotten the thousands of asylum seekers who remain in detention today . 	0
an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 	0
 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 	0
unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 	0
gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 	0
devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 	0
ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 	0
upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 	0
simon is desperately trying to save his internet personals business . 	0
a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 	0
jack must then put his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot seem to trust - for good reason , they lead him to a fate that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 	0
the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 	0
the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 	0
but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 	0
their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 	0
their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 	0
no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 	0
when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 	0
tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 	0
he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 	0
{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 	0
when a ship sinks off the coast of argentina , ellen brachman , a clever and ambitious claims assessor for the rotterdam marine-insurance company european hayward , suspects a 'sinker' . 	0
then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 	0
set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 	0
while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 	0
everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 	0
behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 	0
steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 	0
partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 	0
his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 	0
meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 	0
until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 	0
this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 	0
as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 	0
scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 	0
a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 	0
ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 	0
paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 	0
will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 	0
these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 	0
the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 	0
see rare footage of some of the world's greatest kickboxers such as benny " the jet " urquidez , don " the dragon wilson and bill " superfoot " wallace . 	0
when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 	0
he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 	0
it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 	0
this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 	0
the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 	0
she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 	0
billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 	0
to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 	0
shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 	0
each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 	0
when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer . 	0
ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 	0
principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 	0
daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 	0
in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 	0
nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 	0
in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 	0
guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 	0
an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 	0
when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 	0
the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 	0
all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 	0
unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 	0
there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 	0
for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 	0
when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 	0
the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 	0
he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 	0
bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 	0
a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 	0
burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 	0
they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 	0
sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 	0
heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 	0
a 19th century insane asylum is memorialized by a captivating montage of inventories , histories , and brain surgeries . 	0
having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 	0
although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 	0
when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight . 	0
when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 	0
when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 	0
when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 	0
when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 	0
a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 	0
his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 	0
thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 	0
plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 	0
as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 	0
a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 	0
after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 	0
ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 	0
all the pieces in the mystery are finally starting to fit together , and the case seems almost resolved . 	0
and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 	0
this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 	0
of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 	0
this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 	0
but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 	0
an internet terrorist creates a computer source code based on the dna of a junkie . 	0
a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 	0
an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 	0
several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 	0
first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 	0
the mafia's paul vitti ( de niro ) is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out . 	0
their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 	0
using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 	0
roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 	0
centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 	0
otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 	0
but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 	0
mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 	0
lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 	0
eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 	0
at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 	0
a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars . 	0
but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 	0
boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 	0
maenwhile , amelia and father amaro have fallen in love and have begun a passionate sexual relationship . 	0
figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 	0
this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 	0
passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 	0
along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 	0
his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 	0
not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 	0
it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 	0
a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 	0
in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck . 	0
once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 	0
not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 	0
to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 	0
patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 	0
as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 	0
luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 	0
the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 	0
she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 	0
horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 	0
a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 	0
18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 	0
'brass tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 	0
the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 	0
to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 	0
realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 	0
but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 	0
and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 	0
roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 	0
the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 	0
another story follows the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his young stepson . 	0
four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 	0
he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 	0
however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 	0
lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 	0
when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 	0
rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 	0
a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 	0
they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 	0
ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 	0
can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 	0
but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 	0
indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 	0
in their late twenties and tired of partying their way around the world , danish marie and irish sophie come ashore in northern scotland . 	0
a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 	0
their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 	0
a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 	0
he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 	0
upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 	0
john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker . 	0
her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 	0
amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 	0
so when a jamaican family move in next door and build a cricket net in the back garden , david is in seventh heaven . 	0
he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 	0
in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 	0
their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 	0
he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 	0
however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 	0
although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 	0
the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 	0
sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 	0
real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 	0
the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 	0
when a cia agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) . 	0
the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 	0
however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 	0
sassy postgrad elle woods ( witherspoon ) is all about animal rights . 	0
but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 	0
jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 	0
the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 	0
this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 	0
after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 	0
on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 	0
so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 	0
years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 	0
years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 	0
with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 	0
sensing that he has become but another mark for his mother to con , johnny flees with her money . 	0
it is late at night in a foreign land . 	0
maggie finds that life can take many unexpected turns as she discovers mateo has risked a dangerous trip at sea and he has made it to miami . 	0
given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 	0
several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 	0
when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 	0
the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 	0
haris seems to be an all-american guy except that he creates strange installations of hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- of himself as a child in afghanistan in traditional dress , of smoke and bombs , of his dead parents and the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion . 	0
after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 	0
an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 	0
april's shower demands you to ask how far would you go for true love and if you have the strength to live in your truth . 	0
chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 	0
a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 	0
one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 	0
also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 	0
at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 	0
through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 	0
by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 	0
at first shocked into disbelief , amudha then expresses her determination to search out for her biological mother . 	0
fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 	0
at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 	0
dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 	0
the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 	0
jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 	0
he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 	0
anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 	0
a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 	0
the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 	0
jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 	0
the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 	0
using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 	0
a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 	0
well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 	0
they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 	0
what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 	0
puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 	0
salvation comes in the form of their american landlord simon cotton ( henry thomas ) and his brother neil ( marc blucas ) . 	0
within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 	0
ultimately she discovers that what appears on the surface to be true quite often is not . 	0
while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 	0
in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 	0
these two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before . 	0
whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 	0
in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 	0
mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 	0
the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in the trunk of an abandoned car somewhere on the water's edge . 	0
here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 	0
a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 	0
one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 	0
he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 	0
in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 	0
joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 	0
the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 	0
bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 	0
desperate to help his son , scott heads back home , leaving a substitute claus to watch over things at the pole . 	0
however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 	0
the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 	0
 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 	0
eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 	0
throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 	0
simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 	0
both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 	0
dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 	0
marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 	0
nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 	0
sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 	0
when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to find her tries to use the spring for his personal gain . 	0
the egoists is an ensemble piece that reveals the lives of several characters as they are brought together to mount a theatrical production . 	0
when in their thirties , they lose their father and inherit his second-hand bookshop . 	0
chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 	0
his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition . 	0
what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret . 	0
she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths . 	0
kanna goes back to city to complete his final year but not before warning his loved ones that naxalisam is not good for them . 	0
one thursday evening , their disagreements reach a fever pitch - anna is incensed that her mother doesn't support her musical aspirations and tess , a widow about to remarry , can't see why anna won't give her fiance ( mark harmon ) a break . 	0
but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 	0
jones' desire was to document the creative work of yhf's production , he seems to have found a bit more , including band members departing and a conflict with reprise record company . 	0
the good-hearted harbour has spent his whole life trying to take care of his motherless and suicidal little brother , wilbur . 	0
as a result of one of his liaisons , he meets marcus , an odd 12-year-old boy with problems at school . 	0
that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 	0
skagerrak is the story of being hit by happiness when you least expect it . 	0
the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 	0
oliver , an emotional gigolo who doesn't belive he deserves to love , arrives in copenhagen to surprise a summer flirt but ends up meeting lulu . 	0
as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface . 	0
directed by rob bowman ( " the x-files " ) , " reign of fire " fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival . 	0
intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer . 	0
the film tells the parallel , conflicting trajectory of five women : anita , isabel , adela , leire , and maricarmen . 	0
kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur . 	0
heidi , now living in tennessee - a married woman with kids - had always dreamt of a joyful reunion . 	0
she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 	0
enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls . 	0
in his own mental state , he sees his wife alive and beautiful . 	0
in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 	0
after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him . 	0
during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground . 	0
palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower . 	0
the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband . 	0
claire has a great job , great friends , and a great marriage . 	0
guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin . 	0
sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 	0
when a humans camp is attacked by tigers , a woman takes her baby and jumps on a river . 	0
in the early 1980's , a white police officer ( andres stander , played by thomas jane ) in johannesburg suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run . 	0
for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 	0
peter pan's quest to return jane safely home is jeopardized until she can begin to believe in the magic of imagination . 	0
a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency . 	0
loss is a film eulogy for six firefighters who died in the collapse of the world trade center , sept 11 2001 . 	0
in fact , sean has made the mistake of lending eddie $25 , 000 to cover his profligate spending . 	0
james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 	0
skin deep is a psychological thriller about love , sex , race , and betrayal involving an interracial couple , a black couple , and a mistress . 	0
no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 	0
in the last days of the second world war , an american administrative lieutenant is captured by german forces during the battle of the bulge . 	0
the action is captured inside an eclectic , three-story craftsman - itself serving as a central character to the story . 	0
they invite a group of prostitutes , among them irma whose fianc&#233 ; has just been executed by the germans . 	0
following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 	0
kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself . 	0
sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl . 	0
when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast . 	0
dr singh's son ( anil kapoor ) stands by his father helping him raise funds for his fathers dream , with the sudden death of dr singh his son falls into a dilemma mainly because of the two ladies involved ( preity zinta &#38 ; gracy singh ) and his father's dream that is yet to be fulfilled . 	0
missing her opportunity with him that night , cameron diaz is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding . 	0
the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 	0
inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 	0
privileged and popular , deanna differs dramatically from the alienated alicia . 	0
still , it might come true , if she would handle her life more genuinely . 	0
apparent heir to the philadelphia paradiso mafia family , frank paradiso , finds himself confronted with tough choices after an assassination attempt on his father , don antonio paradiso ( played by robert costanzo ) . 	0
three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others . 	0
now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help . 	0
when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 	0
her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 	0
in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play . 	0
geordie ( thom fitzgerald ) , a visiting canadian pornographer , bogdan ( mihai calota ) , a reluctant city dog-catcher , and nathalie ( alberta watson ) , a lonely diplomat's wife - each risks losing everything as they become embroiled in the struggles of bucharest's abandoned children , gypsies , dogs and beggars . 	0
the gang quickly grab the publics' allegiance by targeting members of our community we'd all like to see 'get nailed' . 	0
yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind . 	0
as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " . 	0
and a good portion of them were caught on film . 	0
some trouble of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the last day of world war 2 , one unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are determined to fly it . 	0
the security housing unit houses the hardest criminals inside marquezas prison , located in the swamps of mexico's state of cormelos . 	0
in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with the bitter realities of their lives prior to that chance encounter . 	0
and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way . 	0
kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . . 	0
amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them . 	0
steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey . 	0
he has never truly recovered , however , and as the story progresses we vicariously experience his increasingly fragile grip on reality . 	0
the search takes vir to bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a muslim game marksman named ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister . 	0
at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 	0
the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be . 	0
tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 	0
the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome . 	0
now faced with the discovery of a bloodied body , a flaming liquor store just off native land that sells millions of cans of beer a year to the native population , and his brother's ongoing self-destruction , rudy goes on a quest to avenge himself , his family , and his culture and to seek justice . 	0
because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city . 	0
with the machine they travel across the country ( uruguay ) traing to escape to brazil . 	0
the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's . 	0
when she finally realizes she will never be free with edgar , never have again what they had once , she must make a life and death decision . 	0
although mother and son are initially at odds , their relationship begins to change when he discovers that his bride-to-be likes his mother's rock-n-roll lifestyle too . 	0
most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 	0
her husband was the love of her life and she does not expect to find another . 	0
just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door . 	0
matt was drunk and as he reached for the car radio , he struck the girl as she crossed the road . 	0
he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door . 	0
however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success . 	0
the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government . 	0
arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried . 	0
this peculiar love story exposes lilli's internal bouts and her nightmarish " bad luck " . 	0
wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide . 	0
nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave . 	0
meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 	0
the ragtag crew battle their way to galveston , with the mob and authorities in close pursuit , and an uncertain destiny awaiting them . 	0
terri ( eve ) is a hard-edged woman who can't seem to leave her two-timing boyfriend . 	0
in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn ( an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars ) of impending danger , only to find himself face-to-face with the most fearsome creatures in the galaxy . 	0
regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night . 	0
supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic . 	0
based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name . 	0
the desperate miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions , which have become so visible recently . 	0
'the nugget' is a tale about a group of three roadworkers who stumble upon the world's biggest nugget , and become instant millionaires - or so they think . 	0
fifteen years later , and their friendship has blossomed via e-mail , raj believing that he's getting to know tina when it's really pooja . 	0
by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool . 	0
soon , however , they are regretting their decision and wishing christmas would hurry up and finish until a surprise christmas " miracle " , could there still be hope for christmas , and the websters ? 	0
after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed . 	0
a faction of political separatists , led by count dooku , attempts to assassinate her . 	0
when 19 year old tommy , a gay rights activist and 24 year old alan first meet in 1973 , they find themselves on the opposite sides of the political coin . 	0
based on a true story , the blue butterfly tells the story of a terminally ill 10-year-old boy whose dream is to catch the most beautiful butterfly on earth , the mythic and elusive blue morpho . 	0
lars von trier re-explores the concept of goodness , but this in an idiom very different from that of his gold heart trilogy ( breaking the waves , the idiots and dancer in the dark ) . 	0
he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 	0
when an ira cell forces him to hear last confession from a suspected informer , will he let them execute the terrorist ? 	0
however due to roxie's new found fame , velma is forgotten about . 	0
simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 	0
like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 	0
another woman , diana , reads a book and is divided from the real world by fiction . 	0
john may have been an unfortunate victim forced to watch the brutal murders . 	0
as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 	0
sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect . 	0
when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w . 	0
using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules . 	0
this was just after the offensive against the taliban forces had started . 	0
the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth . 	0
testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted . 	0
kali is a smart , beautiful , yoga-teaching social worker . 	0
helpless and powerless in malaysia , munnabhai plays a smart one on them and all are deported back to mumbai where the don is the uncrowned king . 	0
the evening after his father's funeral , he meets the lovely paula , runs into her the next day , but is sure she'll never look twice at him . 	0
they are abruptly sidetracked when dara accidentally runs over someone on a lonely country road and wrongly takes the blame . 	0
a documentary seven years in the making about women in the film business and how they balance , children , love lives and career--or how they don't . 	0
not just any dress , this is a 1930s parisian ball gown , and the two women's respective desires for it are played out to a comical through bitter end . 	0
a librarian begins a passionate affair with a mysterious woman who walks into his library . 	0
months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn . 	0
samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 	0
he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road . 	0
dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 	0
werner , a sniper and ex-legionnaire , presently a mercenary , who has seen it all , from angola to sarajevo . 	0
calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline . 	0
one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 	0
renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way . 	0
for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay . 	0
max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 	0
lovable rogue max mackendrick dreams about winning big on the melbourne cup . 	0
when julius caesar gets wind of the project succeeding , he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose his face . 	0
armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france . 	0
using his powers of persuasion , bret pits teammate against teammate by promising everyone the one thing that they want the most , whether it be power , respect , or cold hard cash . 	0
the first all-cgi short to be produced by imageworks , sony pictures award-winning character animation and visual effects company , " the chubbchubbs " introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf including meeper , its earnest but awkward hero , the singing diva , the zyzaks and the chubbchubbs . 	0
when fran , ( paige turco ) walks into the prop house where he lives looking for unusual objects , chep immediately develops a crush . 	0
the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea . 	0
 " the bride " was once part of a group of world class female assassins , until the group leader , " bill " and the other assassins turn against her . 	0
the council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require blade's assistance . 	0
explores the question of whether it's ever too late to say 'i love you' . 	0
they lead a boring and unattractive life , until the day durval hires a maid , celia , to help his mother with the housekeeping . 	0
the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . 	0
postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) . 	0
as an added twist robert discovers upon meeting wong dai , that the evil man himself has been manipulating our protagonist in order to have him kill wong dai's own tong members and thus , secure the ill gotten gains of wong dai's empire of crime for himself . 	0
without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 	0
both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity . 	0
in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques . 	0
through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 	0
as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind . 	0
the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality . 	0
if not , then catch an episode of the new reality series the jedi hunter , as the now australian boba fett crosses the galaxy capturing and eliminating jedi , along with his companion terri fett . 	0
yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead . 	0
she finds jack's captivity an irresistible turn-on and he can't figure out if she's for real , or manipulating him , too . 	0
with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 	0
set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life . 	0
the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 	0
also , anthony is black and victoria is white , which doesn't sit well with michael , anthony's best friend since childhood and a surrogate older brother . 	0
devdas was besotted by her stunning beauty and longed to have her back . 	0
before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results . 	0
divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch . 	0
his biggest customers are the yorkin family , and they seem to have everything in the world . 	0
t&#252 ; rlich accidentally stumbles across some information about his origin and decides to go to klein ischgl in austria . 	0
they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 	0
the only hope against it is a new upgraded t-800 unit , the t-850 , that is sent back by the human resistance . 	0
in this trip they find really nice people that will help them to finish their mision . 	0
jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding . 	0
the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s . 	0
his intricate paintings of the devil and his elaborate journal entries depicting encounters with him led sigmund freud to diagnose him as one of the first known schizophrenics . 	0
now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . . 	0
the film takes place over the course of a day as anthony , victoria , michael and his wife , sarah , spend the afternoon dining , drinking , and soaking in the hot tub . 	0
carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women . 	0
legend has it that haizmann made a pact with the devil in 1650 to be his son here on earth , and therefore gained immortality . 	0
sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 	0
her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake . 	0
incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army . 	0
james clayton ( colin farrell ) is one of the top prospects in the new crop of cia recruits . 	0
in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years . 	0
a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 	0
told in five parts to represent each of the five senses , the sheltered 25-year-old learns to understand his own senses and those around him . 	0
marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 	0
the circles cause a media frenzy and test hess's faith as he journeys to find out the truth behind the crop circles . 	0
julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers . 	0
the bay of love and sorrows is a haunting modern tragedy set on the rural shores of new brunswick's bay of miramichi . 	0
straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves . 	0
unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother . 	0
brad gluckman ( kennedy ) is a wannabe rap star from malibu who acts and talks like he's from the " 'hood . " 	0
nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin . 	0
dead bodies are being found in the new york harbor . 	0
a seemingly inconistent game of " taboo " brings out the vile secrets and sexual desires from a group of six college graduates at a remote mansion where one of them flips out and proceeds to kill the rest in the manner of their secrets . 	0
but when those worlds collide , taking the lives of his wife and younger son , sullivan and his surviving son , michael jr . , leave their sedate home life behind and embark on a startling journey of revenge . 	0
he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 	0
one stormy night , they go to get the shoes when calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning . 	0
his motives are plain and simple , to meet a woman . 	0
she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance . 	0
three astronauts crash land on an earth-like planet after returning from a 7-year long expedition to ganymede . 	0
he must use his amateur military skills to beat them to the finish line , and get the tape out in the open . 	0
the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit . 	0
throughout the day's move , their two very different groups of friends tangle in conflicts and romance while august tries to figure out who he really wants before it's too late . 	0
things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come into play . 	0
with an estimate of over 10 , 000 sexual conquests . 	0
before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 	0
it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions . 	0
after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 	0
in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 	0
but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 	0
the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds . 	0
he cannot explain her intermittent crying and disturbed reactions . 	0
with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother . 	0
the last executioners of germany , the former east germany , france , hungary , yugoslavia and romania have faced the camera . 	0
to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process . 	0
yeh kaisi mohabbat ( ykm ) is a romantic thriller . 	0
can martin regain his better self - and not lose paula ? 	0
when a dozen graves are desecrated in rural texas , five young people in their 20's investigate , eventually ending up being chased by a family of cannibals , led by a towering and insane brute , dressed in human skins , called leatherface . 	0
when he loses his power the bully becomes victim and blames everyone else for his demise . 	0
through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 	0
but all their training couldn't have prepared them for what they were going to encounter . . . 	0
seduction strikes steve and tracy , and steve and sean's lives may never be the same again . 	0
ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 	0
so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash . 	0
a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll . 	0
the mystery guests soon unleash a stiff sentence of their own , without parole , teaching the judge the consequence of doing unto others as you would have done unto you . 	0
the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission . 	0
these human encyclopedias of cinema see two to five films a day , and from 600 to 2 , 000 films per year . 	0
what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ? 	0
he works as a photocopy clerk under the close watch of his sexy boss sabine , who uses him to his libido's advantage . 	0
working in secret , the progressive group organised the 1959 theatre boycott to end segregation in movie theatres in hamilton . 	0
gino and settimo try to repay roberto's hospitality by chasing off a debt collector who wants his property , but their strong arm tactics alarm him and he realises they aren't the pr consultants they claimed to be liquor store night clerk jose ( freddie ganno ) has two dreams : winning the state lottery and winning the heart of a lovely young shoe store salesperson , diana ( christi adams ) . 	0
on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life . 	0
this film is adapted from the play the fire and the rain by one of india's foremost playwrights , girish karnad . 	0
when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister . 	0
so they hire the lesbian carpet cleaners to rid the evil bitch trasha once and for all . 	0
he thinks she is plotting against him with their mutual psychiatrist . 	0
through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 	0
max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping . 	0
and what makes lucky invaluable is his ability to teach mudd how to write again . 	0
but something is very wrong in single and looking land . 	0
josh is about to turn 30 ; he's mentally retarded , and likes to play at being a vampire . 	0
when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four " pork chops " ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . 	0
clearly in over his head with both assignments , landon is forced to ask jamie for help . 	0
tommy , who is now a well known activist , has his credibility destroyed by the book which causes their breakup . 	0
after spending the night in the wilderness , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in full combat gear , who promises to lead her out of the woods . 	0
one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's trusted friend and an amateur mystic of sorts , reveals a vision that inez's one true love is close by . 	0
filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him . 	0
in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 	0
jimmy ray is an alcoholic , still consumed by his grief and angry with his sons for wanting to play music . 	0
during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . " 	0
paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 	0
the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter . 	0
not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 	0
the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 	0
a rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community . 	0
lydia , marco's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma . 	0
the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state . 	0
he also tells him that they are not gems . 	0
as he navigates this decadent new world , he meets a host of characters , including david , an older gay man who desires him , and benjamin , a young hustler from texas who has also managed to find a place among the aristocracy . 	0
although mainstream filmmakers are fond of their white saviors , most audiences of color are not . 	0
but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 	0
andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 	0
increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 	0
amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 	0
a quirky family parks its trailer on a texas desert and tries to build the golf course of the father's dreams . 	0
the new code has the ability to mutate and adapt to any computer environment just like organisms can adapt . 	0
after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works . 	0
soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite . 	0
christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing . 	0
before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 	0
set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors . 	0
whether noam chomsky , the mit linguist and political philosopher , is the most important intellectual alive , as the new york times once famously called him , is open for debate . 	0
a chicago north side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives . 	0
however a school teacher warned the train , so the gang and all the others in the pub ended up in a shootout with scores of policemen . 	0
lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off . 	0
missy crider , angela featherstone , and sally struthers round out the cast . 	0
someone killed legendary porn king fat guy , and detectives moose &#38 ; squirrel must go deep undercover ( literally ) to find the murderer with the help of their " special " homicide unit . 	0
soon , against his own expectations and the scorn of his friends , landon finds himself falling in love with this outwardly plain girl who possesses a passion for life he never imagined possible . 	0
seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 	0
but his mentor and " trainer " joe ( chazz palminteri ) , a shady hustler who decides how and who johnny plays , is holding him back from his dream . 	0
the pursuit eventually takes us back to l . a . , where secrets begin to get exposed . . . . 	0
 " the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution . 	0
a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 	0
oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose . 	0
a recess in a wall , as for holding a statue . 	0
unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest . 	0
when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 	0
familiar stranger chronicles stacy krebbs , a 19-year-old college student : who is viciously attacked one night in her home by a mysterious stalker . 	0
 " pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . . 	0
tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne . 	0
will taco chick and salsa girl assist superfag in defeating this evil menace ? 	0
in her confusion and grief , she finds consolation in the friendship of their african-american gardener , raymond ( dennis haysbert ) - a socially taboo relationship that leads to the further disintegration of life as she knew it . 	0
if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college . 	0
shot on location in atlanta , a group of young , hungry and diversely talented performers struggles to find the promised land of a record deal . 	0
we participate in a world full of joy , hate , love and racism . 	0
dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 	0
within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 	0
jake had no idea he had a twin brother , let alone that he worked for the cia . 	0
elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings . 	0
but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood . 	0
but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 	0
it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart . 	0
this undercover documentary takes you deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where the limits are constantly being tested . . . and 	0
arcangel gets a message from his brother telling that their father is very sick . 	0
he picks up solitary women , uses them briefly for a job , then kills them . 	0
tam&#225 ; s is a young , budapest-based director of video clips and commercials who dreams of directing his first feature film with the title 'the guilty city' . 	0
the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling . 	0
all the firefighters who participated in the film were friends and collegues of the six firemen who lost their lives . 	0
but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor . 	0
battling his own demons he realizes he is just like the rest of us : good and evil . 	0
the change in political leaders sparks paranoia among american cia officials , so cia director bill cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation . 	0
finally , the unequal lovers end up as fugitives from justice - but for how long ? 	0
now , after having an encounter with a hollywood producer who got lost in virgil grove , is asked if he would like to come back to hollywood to direct a feature movie . 	0
when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 	0
it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x . 	0
he begins to spread the gospel of communal ideals , which he has absorbed during his travels in india . 	0
in 1959 , berry gordy jr . gathered the best musicians from detroit's thriving jazz and blues scene to begin cutting songs for his new record company . 	0
a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill . 	0
the elders bikes are unfortunately backed over at the post office and they end up bumming a ride with an older but kindly man . 	0
well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 	0
purpo$e is a story about business in the new millenium , and a world shifted away from quality to quantity . 	0
a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 	0
for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 	0
her world changes when she meets courtenay , a compulsive liar who brags about the suicide note in her back pocket . 	0
cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence . 	0
knowing that the legend of the temple describes ancient mystical music as the key to unlock its secrets , jake enlists the help of samantha " sam " kincaid , an expert musicologist . 	0
as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands . 	0
his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " . 	0
an arrested drug kingpin is transported by a los angeles police department swat team led by jackson's character out of the city and into federal custody . 	0
welcome to peoplemovin . com , a leader in america's transient workforce , more commonly known as temporary employment . 	0
a friendly vacation for four old friends - two couples from college - turns ugly . . . then 	0
dana , a college student obsessed with the internet , explores the media to an extent where chatting with a stranger , becomes a higher priority than giving attention to her loved ones . 	0
the brothers chow nunn and chow lui's giant computer company is facing a tense crisis - a powerful computer virus is rapidly wiping out their computer network . 	0
but what exactly is good and waht exactly is evil ? 	0
mariachi is recruited by sands to take out gen . marquez ( has a huge score to settle with the mariachi ) , who has major beef with mariachi to begin with . 	0
obsessed with her job designing movie sets , fran insists that each prop be the real thing &#173 ; even if it happens to be a pair of rhinoceros eyes or a human finger . 	0
he's also still got a murder to solve , in addition to the blackmail and framing of an innocent bystander being orchestrated by the man they were chasing . 	0
among the drove is a pair of con men , on a decadent road trip as santa and his elf . 	0
arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives . 	0
and the moment they touch each other for a first time , the fortune-teller's prophesy comes true . 	0
a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 	0
during the heist , the kids overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , and a nasty head of security to get to a bank vault suspended 100-feet above ground . 	0
a disfigured man , known as the phantom who loves to strike fear in the minds of the paris opera house staff , comes to a young singer , christine daae , and tutors her voice . 	0
the film tells the story of a highly intelligent former state champion bodybuilder from small town ohio who has become obsessed with his scientific research and , consequently , has let his world-class physique go . 	0
enlisted for a dangerous covert mission , he must combat a clever , organized , and ruthless enemy far beyond the scope of his experience . 	0
bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl . 	0
with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal . 	0
the only hope is the veritas project , a highly trained investigative team working undercover to expose the truth . 	0
in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe . 	0
and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 	0
a comedy adventure in the tradition of thelma and louise meets the grumpy old men . 	0
ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 	0
a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 	0
outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil . 	0
at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group . 	0
as long as vincent lives in the protection of the present , he doesn't have to deal with the pain of his past--or his sorrow over his broken relationship with joey . 	0
mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 	0
when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 	0
unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 	0
stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 	0
dek and shirley live together with 12 year-old marlene , her daughter by the sexy delinquent jimmy , who skeddadled years ago and hasn't been heard from since . 	0
and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery . 	0
once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe . 	0
this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 	0
the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre . 	0
it becomes clear that the line between assailant and victim has begun to break down and that the roles in this relationship are now unclear . 	0
jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined &#38 ; the lives of the four friends are jeopardized as one falls victim to cociety's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 	0
he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 	0
three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 	0
eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it . 	0
former criminal investigator , major korenev , nicknamed fox is released from prison . 	0
they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . " 	0
haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged . 	0
down on the shore , a boat is slowly being loaded with the personal possessions from the dying man's home . 	0
they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another . 	0
emma's a succesful sale agent for a home security company , due in part to being the police chief's daughter . 	0
would anyone believe mary and joe's claim to abstinence ? 	0
before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 	0
club le monde follows an evening out at a seedy nightspot . 	0
the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 	0
with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character . 	0
the story follows ancanar , the sole heir to the rammoth valley and the last in the line of telganan . 	0
he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit . 	0
the crossing , even after a hard year of hiding , was to be a hardship : three months in a makeshift vessel with two thousand other fugitives , the victims not only of disease , hunger , and death , but primarily of the british navy and intelligence services . 	0
when the secret codes controlling a killer nuclear satellite are stolen by the world's most dangerous criminal , america's best agent teams up with a brittish beauty to recover the codes in an endgame of action , betrayal and intrigue . 	0
engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money . 	0
but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 	0
however , the manner in which he decides to suicide is quite peculiar : he allows himself to be abducted by a cult , whose members treat him as their " king " for one year ( he is given a castle , concubines , gifts , etc . . . ) , and then murder him as an atonement for their yearly sins . 	0
at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 	0
as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series " mr . 	0
as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 	0
while being led away , some re-agent falls from his pocket where it is picked up by a young man that was camping nearby . 	0
a path that will lead to the day in and day out drudgery of a soul-less survival or a path that will lead them down the road in pursuit their dreams . 	0
along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 	0
when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 	0
but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career . 	0
as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) . 	0
in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria . 	0
the galactic republic finds itself at the brink of a civil war . 	0
in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect . 	0
at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear . 	0
looking for a good story she also meets a welfare official , thomas , who also thinks that the foundation should be looked into . 	0
heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 	0
the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 	0
set in hollywood , " coming clean " is a 12 character ensemble romantic comedy about an engagement party gone wrong . 	0
in a reciprocal effort , celebi uses his power and transports itself and sam to the present , ash ketchum's time . 	0
in his memoirs , guevara recounts adventures he , and best friend alberto granado , had while crossing south america by motorcycle in the early 1950s . 	0
a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 	0
gary oldman plays as a dwarf brother to a normal-sized matthew mcconaughey . 	0
it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 	0
they marry because that's what you are supposed to do . 	0
she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 	0
an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 	0
deacon , matt and fred will do anything for even a glimpse of sex and spend their mornings pirating porno movies from fred's after school job at the video store . 	0
daria's boys are : dante , who owns some of the hottest clubs in the city and believes monogamy is a dirty word , unless he's being cheated on . 	0
father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic . 	0
as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime . 	0
he and his friends : virgil , daric and han lead a double life of mischief and petty crimes to alleviate the pressures of perfection . 	0
that night , however , a ghost does escape , tailing the young girl in the city of prague . 	0
the tenement is a four story anthology that in which each of its characters live within the same building and walk a fine line between good and evil . 	0
in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali . 	0
in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother . 	0
when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him . 	0
one day , his own name arrives in the " perpetrator " chute , and the precogs predict that he will kill a man he never knew in less than 36 hours . 	0
ben is a perfectionist and overachiever whose tunnel vision leads to nothing less than graduating at the top of his class . 	0
a documentary about the intellectual pacifist progressive president woodrow wilson , showing his place in history as the president who oversaw america's transformation into a singular global power , but also his failed quest for world peace , due to his poor physical stamina and political dexterity . 	0
it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student . 	0
torn between the divine and the carnal , the righteous and the unjust , father amaro must summon his strength to choose which life he will lead . 	0
along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 	0
wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 	0
these four robbed a bank and hijacked an entire town for 3 days . 	0
anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be . 	0
the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 	0
the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 	0
the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 	0
ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld . 	0
nick is about to discover , true love can be found in the strangest of places . . . 	0
although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten , the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet " burgies " unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish &#38 ; chips shops . 	0
as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 	0
martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 	0
a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 	0
she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 	0
michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 	0
the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis . 	0
their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other . 	0
the day takes some twists and turns as elder jones and elder smith ride their bikes to pick up a birthday package for elder smith . 	0
his attempt at becoming a lefty leads to an interesting turn of events which suggest that he may be at the start of a never-ending cycle . 	0
hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes . 	0
a take on the classic tale 'the boy who cried wolf' , 'big fat liar' is about a 14-year-old boy named jason shephard ( frankie muniz ) who lies for the fun of it . 	0
the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots . 	0
upon getting together on their spring break , they realize that they are bored in their small suburban connecticut hometown . 	0
shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs . 	0
isabel and clara are growing up in a time of terror . 	0
when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town . 	0
 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 	0
the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him . 	0
serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 	0
'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case . 	0
a documentary which revolves around a shelter for battered women in tampa , florida . 	0
it follows and in some cases re-enacts the chronology of shepherd's visit to a local bar , his kidnap and beating , the discovery of him tied to a fence , the vigil at the hospital , his death and funeral , and the trial of his killers . 	0
sam leads the kids in a running battle with the gunmen throughout the school . 	0
the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary . 	0
 " on the afternoon of july 1 , 1981 , los angeles police responded to a distress call at 8763 wonderland avenue and soon discovered a grisly quadruple homicide , later compared to the gruesome slaughter at the tate household at the hands of the charles manson family 10 years earlier . 	0
set in the colourful world of horseracing , horseplay follows the chaotic life of a wannabe horse trainer as he deals with the turf , the ladies and everyone else out to get him . 	0
when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted . 	0
marly has given her career as an aquatic weeki wachee mermaid up and her marriage to steve is over . 	0
this first film , a deliberately allegorical visual fantasy , focuses on the 30-something generation in china , who have to adapt to a materialistic society very different from the political utopia of their childhood . 	0
no ten&#237 ; a que enfrentarse con la estrategia y potencia de un ej&#233 ; rcito enemigo , sino con el jolgorio de grandes masas que invadir&#237 ; an el territorio con panderetas , risotadas e histeria . 	0
steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 	0
the problem is he's trying to be everything he's not . 	0
he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long . 	0
an action movie shot in real time that plays out like a shot-em-up video game . 	0
in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans . 	0
however when her doodles of a spiralling forest continue to draw themselves it is only the start of a creative process that will see her removed from her dull form . 	0
but just when james starts to question his role and his cat-and-mouse relationship with his mentor , burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole . 	0
the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day . 	0
the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all . 	0
johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball . 	0
the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce . 	0
sex , lies &#38 ; superheroes features the writers and artists who have helped make comic books a medium for sophisticated stories and artwork . 	0
dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends . 	0
when she fails to find the " perfect man " that will make her happy , she decides to construct him herself , using parts from different people . 	0
fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer . 	0
the only life he's known is as a gigolo , working for his mother , but he wants to leave that behind . 	0
the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre . 	0
 " my dinner with ovitz " is a pithy , yet epicurean tale of broken dreams , broken hollywood power brokers ( and broken knees ) . 	0
while gertie is able to manipulate ollie with the finesse of an adult , she is ultimately daddy's little girl . 	0
these movies were the first adult movies , most of them were made in order to explain how sex works to unexperimented young men before their first relation with a prostitute . . . 	0
his emotionally wrenching and often humorous long first night back ends in a mutually relentless swordfight with his prospective brother-in-law that forces him into coming to terms with his loss . 	0
there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer . 	0
when simone agrees to a blind date with oliver at the hottest restaurant in town , she doesn't have high expectations of the evening . 	0
daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture . 	0
what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ? 	0
the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 	0
as debby tries to parlay what was essentially a casual fling into possible marriage with an indifferent rick , her mother virginia wonders if her affair with widower nick is the real thing . 	0
so in order for michael's quick and complete recovery , john takes the emergency room hostage until the doctors agree to get the transplant successful . 	0
scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn . 	0
obviously a socialist commentary , poets is in turn informative , witty and thought-provoking . 	0
he has returned as a ghost , but he can do nothing but passively observe as the police stand clueless to the murder . 	0
through battles and adventures ahas and his companions grow up , but destiny has some bitter surprises to offer . 	0
a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 	0
depending on what you read witnesses say his penis was from 12 to 14 inches long . 	0
she is really hiding her true emotional motivation behind a mask . 	0
to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 	0
west coast " bodybuilding competition and use his own body as the perfect reflection of his mind's work . 	0
henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream . 	0
in the early years , mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her . 	0
he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world . 	0
while their first few meetings are innocent enough , the obsessive and seductive madison wants more - much more . 	0
he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep . 	0
the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 	0
horace and colt , a fifty-something married couple , are divided - they have lost the key , to their room and to each other . 	0
a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped . 	0
sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along . 	0
bruce is a down on his luck tv news reporter . 	0
a man gets into a car and makes a farewell address to his young daughter , explaining why he will blow himself up as a protest against the dictatorship he lives in . 	0
a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 	0
a bored secretary in the holiday firm funtime inc spends her time looking after the plants around her . 	0
as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 	0
tinke , a 9-year-old orphan from the wilderness , struggles to find her unknown , rich grandparents . 	0
big yard operates a child smuggling ring and 'superbob' must save dante or lose his son forever . 	0
a love triangle about young people trying to communicate in world where communication is about to change forever . 	0
they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 	0
chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 	0
the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 	0
prosit has made a lot of enemy&#180 ; s . 	0
like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 	0
but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick . 	0
she and her daughter try to escape ( such as to her previous boyfriend played by futterman ) , but he pursues relentlessly . 	0
jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital . 	0
durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records . 	0
after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life . 	0
leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously . 	0
friday after next takes place back in the hood during the christmas season , craig and day-day are now living in a rundown apartment . 	0
the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of . 	0
former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy . 	0
a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 	0
in an alternate space and time , a mythological being called the guardian is charged with manipulating and protecting dark matter . 	0
he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 	0
adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names . 	0
tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient . 	0
differences spark interest , though , as charly finds depth in sam's idealism and sam seeks the vibrance of charly's joie de vivre . 	0
at the end of the worst day of his life , bruce angrily ridicules and rages against god and god responds . 	0
while johnny knoxvile and his pals put their life at risk , they are entertaining people at the same time . 	0
her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 	0
he resorts to whiskey-smuggling , a traditional family occupation . 	0
but progress is frustrated when dr chu becomes a victim of the copy-cat killings herself . 	0
he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 	0
how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ? 	0
soon , he finds that his fellow patients are being murdered one by one . 	0
nobody talks about what happened five years ago , but something shifts beneath the surface of their lives a secret that won't stay buried . 	0
documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more . 	0
her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her . 	0
delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 	0
when one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac they are all scared of him . 	0
becoming fast friends , they soon both moved with their families near coney island , where they became active community leaders . 	0
thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish . 	0
carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret . 	0
now , when angered , he turns into a massive green behemoth with the mind of a child . 	0
academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 . 	0
or this could be the start of a nightmare - the likes of which she could never have imagined . 	0
aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament . 	0
when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans . 	0
by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 	0
greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 	0
the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house . 	0
he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 	0
she has two men in her life : wealthy divorcee ray porter ( steve martin ) and struggling musician jeremy . 	0
a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 	0
director duncan roy impressively presents aka through three simultaneous frames rather than one , offering the audience a deeper and more complex perspective through which to view dean's engrossing story . 	0
christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; . 	0
during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience . 	0
the plan's to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars , stash the drugs in secret compartments and drive away safely . 	0
he tries other legal approaches , which also fail . 	0
thinking this will be his chance to go out on top victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge . 	0
based on the 1997 john king novel of the same name with a rather odd synopsis : " a first novel about a seasoned chelsea football club hooligan who represents a disaffected society operating by brutal rules . 	0
chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her . 	0
this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 . 	0
we open on the main character alex , a chef , put out by her effort for the shower and struggling with her desire to make things " picture-perfect . " 	0
he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in 	0
a remake of the danish blockbuster " klatretosen , " catch that girl is described as " ocean's 11 " or " mission : impossible " for kids . 	0
blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot . 	0
ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 	0
it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 	0
all of her hard work pays off when she is accepted to a prominent dance program in new york . 	0
but after sigmund freud's note ( above ) on the nefarious nature of females , the doctors hatched the theory of counter-transference to explain their feelings . 	0
the people want to lynch him and blueberry can only just prevent that . 	0
rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time . 	0
considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation . 	0
these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas . 	0
the man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them . 	0
ben's rock-solid , promising future and romance with amy are turned upside-down with the arrival of madison bell . 	0
ben stiller and jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and co-workers , whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds : vapoorizer , a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess . 	0
their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war . 	0
no matter how hard you run from the past , it has a way of catching up with you . 	0
but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 	0
he is reluctant to help at first because he is wearing his friend kumin's shoes and doesn't want it to be dirty . 	0
as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail . 	0
after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else . 	0
april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation . 	0
it is set in the fantasy world middle-earth , created by tolkien in 'the hobbit' , 'the lord of the rings' , and 'the silmarillion' . 	0
but before he is able to set out on his expedition , the professor , along with the tablet , are taken hostage by a group of mercenaries , led by the vicious philipe gallo . 	0
bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made . 	0
there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon . 	0
this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . 	0
the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 	0
diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 	0
three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 	0
these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time . 	0
if people accept it , the crime rate is going to drop drastically , but it never will be known if there might not be too many people imprisoned , some or even all of them innocent . 	0
the movie mixes the personal life of the ancestors of this man as well as historical moments for m&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#225 ; ngel can't sleep . 	0
as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 	0
the problem is that the mysterious inhabitants are murderous lunatics out to kill every one of them . . . 	0
now the chinese man shows up wanting the gems . 	0
anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the " for sale " plate into the garbage can . 	0
the fictional characters become part of the creators world as they appear on the subway with them , imagination becomes reality . 	0
while gypsy's unprecedented disappearance perplexes the entire music industry , she retreats with her husband to the desolation of cape cod in winter . . . 	0
a cold-hearted judge finds out when a seemingly crazy young couple break into his house and take him captive . 	0
this documentary of cameroon's repressive political realities begins with the 1990 publication of an open letter to president biya calling for a national conference and the immediate arrest of the letter's author and publisher . 	0
ultimately , anime moves far beyond the realm of simple cartoons , encompassing a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , cutting edge imagery , music and fashion . 	0
his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 	0
because of her finn is finally able to accept himself . 	0
seymour polatkin is a successful , gay indian poet from spokane who confronts his past when he returns to his childhood home on the reservation to attend the funeral of a dear friend . 	0
a young couple is concerned about the future of their relationship as they anticipate their time apart . 	0
pursued by immigration service and later arrested , he is about to be deported . 	0
the fatal accident was actually choreographed by henrietta , a kervorkian wannabe , and dara and noble become henrietta's unwitting pawns . 	0
it is a dark comedy that challenges the traditional ideas of marriage and questions the societal values of money and sex . 	0
when the film reaches its dramatic climax , a varied cast of characters must all figure out a way to bridge the chasm between their dreams and reality . 	0
they literally bump heads one night , and become best friends . 	0
chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell . 	0
drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 	0
from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes a film following a chain of events inspired by the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami . 	0
while she is away a strange man with an axe comes into the motel room and attacks matt . 	0
this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day . 	0
the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during the final exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school . 	0
the they also find themselves in a battle to hold on to their discovery before it falls into the hands of their rival , fergus wolfe . 	0
in this documentary , hannah , an ex-refugee , returns with her 55 year old son to the prison where she was held for five years . 	0
and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso . 	0
faced with its aftermath , angela flees town , unaware that she has put into motion a dramatic and intense string of events that will forever change the course of their lives . 	0
instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . . 	0
little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience . 	0
he checks into a rehab clinic that specializes in treating law enforcement officials . 	0
after 20 years of exile in paris , gustavo returns to his native city s&#227 ; o paulo . 	0
a washed-up 80's pop star ( ferguson ) suddenly has a new direction in life when he discovers that he has a teenage daughter , olivia , ( church ) , in cardiff , wales . 	0
 " some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film . 	0
sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting . 	0
evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect . 	0
since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st . 	0
will graham must risk his family's security and his own safety to track down this one last murderer - the epitome of all evil - the red dragon . 	0
the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in fresno , as manuel tries to retain his championship title . 	0
the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 	0
an astonishing feat for a major star let alone a 27 year old from pickum , south carolina who only two years ago was sleeping in a cardboard box in the back alleys of detroit with her mother , connie , and her uncle clutch , while playing guitar on the streets for spare change . 	0
things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 	0
undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice . 	0
through his addiction to these ardent visions , he becomes more reclusive . 	0
whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it . 	0
they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 	0
it is dawn on the morning of the vernal equinox . 	0
and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . . 	0
20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age . 	0
on their way back , they drive through death valley . 	0
we're introduced to the duo's lyrical and melodic craft when , for example , well-known actors recite giants lyrics , underscoring the dark words often coupled with bright tunes . 	0
nete forces a doctor to tell her how much time he has left . 	0
everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain . 	0
later , otte distributes the donations he's collected throughout the year . 	0
unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation . 	0
the film focuses on a morally conscious assassin called quinn . 	0
simon ( keith carradine ) a mysterious man with a past returns to iceland with the intention to end his no good life . 	0
this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar . 	0
the life story of the late graham chapman , legendary founding member of monty python . 	0
watch as superfag rescues anthony , a naive , adorably cute guy whom superfag falls head over heals in love with . . . watch 	0
through the looking glass is a psychological horror detailing the path of one man's obsession that culminates in madness , fear and ultimately death . 	0
harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 	0
his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 	0
the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 	0
after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother . 	0
romy dispenses orders like a drill sergeant as they scramble southwest to round up the last two surviving members of eagle's wwii , b-17 bomber crew . 	0
the feeling of each vision changes drastically as does the way the son looks and acts . 	0
but our wet hero isn't dead , and soon finds himself in zurich . 	0
never giving up the fight to win the war , mcnamara is silently planning , waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy . 	0
the film narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images to seduce . 	0
he leaves the city while searching for expression and finds a place to hide that he uses as his stage . 	0
they detour from their trip to take the girl to the nearest town , where they meet the local sheriff who is hell bent on capturing the girl's attackers . 	0
together they travel to england and meet up with chon lin to kill rathbone and get the imperial seal back . 	0
a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro . 	0
the film intercuts between two days , two years apart . 	0
but career pressure , burned toast and dirty laundry erode any feelings of tenderness , and they never seem to find enough time for their six-year-old son , benny . 	0
forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 	0
despite dire warnings from his uncle , dean is seduced by the book's knowledge . 	0
jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 	0
regulus features recently declassified footage , as well as interviews with the submariners , rocket scientists , and test pilots involved in the development and deployment of the weapon . 	0
'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 	0
slowly , patricia regains her joy of life although living in complete isolation . 	0
he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull producer in one jakarta's leading tv station . 	0
paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle . 	0
after a confrontation with a house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the weasley house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in a flying car . 	0
as he tries to re-discover the family that he abandoned long ago , he is forced to confront the anxieties in his memories - the family he betrayed and abandoned at the expense of his own happiness . 	0
unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 	0
the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 	0
their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford . 	0
 " confessions of a dangerous mind " is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day , cia assassin by night . 	0
one sunday , while all the town , including his wife and son , are piously praying mass , a miracle occurs . 	0
nine good teeth reveals many of the common truths hidden away in all our families , as well as the unexpected - late night visits from jack kerouac , illicit love affairs and the occasional murder . 	0
in addition , various genres of musicians have joined in today showing worldwide support , thus contributing to bruce's objective , 'sure it's nice to be famous , but i'm more interested in obtaining a telepathic following' . 	0
harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and perhaps even deaths . 	0
as a result , sarah embarks upon a journey of discovery that leads to danger , heartbreak and romance in the far corners of the world . 	0
it's charming and independent and everything hollywood is not . 	0
her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 	0
suspiciously , word of the device got out to the underworld and both parents were brutally killed in front of the girls' eyes by criminals eager to get their hands on the invention . 	0
when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever . 	0
but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ? 	0
when her aunt sends her a pair of shoes instead of the money to start up the restaurant , she angrily sells the useless gift for spare change . 	0
his first challenge is from the chinese workers , technicians , and officers , who have been trained to work under the old system and unable to function sufficiently in the new era of international competition . 	0
all this takes a strange turn when a mysterious patient ( satan , he calls himself ) the hospital seeking help . 	0
she's eighteen , unemployed , broke and hopelessly in love with her wannabe rockstar boyfriend matt . 	0
patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene . 	0
they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed . 	0
he holds her prisoner while awaiting the surgery , but she escapes and hides out until she raises enough money to flee to the u . s . when she arrives in new york , she is placed in a detention center . 	0
though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 	0
 " new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . " 	0
at this far away place he bares his inside . 	0
harry , a world-weary career criminal masquerading as a priest , takes to the road with escaped convict nate and his jailbait girlfriend angel . 	0
nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 	0
in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers . 	0
 ( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years . 	0
in 1650 , capt . jameson macaulay has decided to remarry and returns to his castle to take down his deceased wife's portrait . 	0
however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 	0
this is the dark , moody tale of a neglected housewife who discovers she can escape her loneliness and recover a sense of interaction with her husband by having conversations with him . . . 	0
with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 	0
leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day . 	0
after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 	0
when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters . 	0
after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up . 	0
from naboo to tatooine , it grows into love for her . 	0
told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 	0
kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 	0
this movie centers around the new pok&#233 ; mon celebi , a one-of-a-kind veggie-like bug whose only kin are celebi from other points in time . 	0
people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it . 	0
with only a high school diploma , thomas became a leading cardiac pioneer and educator of two generations of the united states' premiere heart surgeons . 	0
thinking the young man is dead , a curious fisherman with a scalpel finds two bullets in his back and a miniature laser device in his hip . 	0
celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer . 	0
when tom goes away for a few days , lori , with the help of best friend , monica , investigates the disappearance of helen . 	0
a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' . 	0
the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 	0
now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 	0
the teamster's union goes on strike against overnite transportation , a nationwide freight company that has resisted unionization . 	0
the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 	0
he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins . 	0
based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 	0
a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt . 	0
when they get there , strange happenings invade the school . 	0
a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity . 	0
his intelligence and unconventional attitude attract the attention of veteran walter burke ( al pacino ) who squires him through the agency's difficult training courses and helps him to quickly rise through the ranks . 	0
then the trouble it&#180 ; s only stars , with betrayals , bounty killers , hostile indians and the mystery ghost who guard the gold mine . 	0
anna has begun to rely on her stalker's presence . 	0
the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 	0
as his agent pushes him to be bigger , and valerie , the bakery owner , adds a surprise of her own , stan begins to strain under the pressures of mass production while simultaneously trying to create hand painted masterpieces . . . 	0
en un ca&#243 ; tico principio del siglo xxi , oleadas de cr&#237 ; menes saturan los informativos , y decenas de sectas tratan de captar la fe de la cada vez m&#225 ; s esc&#233 ; ptica poblaci&#243 ; n . 	0
each brush stroke brings him inexorably closer to an unknown fate , a fate that is perhaps foretold in the very visions that fuel his work . 	0
and then , did you ever let fear get in your way and keep you from having the person you've always wanted to be with ? 	0
and he's found the perfect patsy to evoke such fear . 	0
'nine dead gay guys' is the outrageous but hilarious result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the elusive bed . 	0
to help things out , lena hires boey , an expert on babies , to join the team . 	0
the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 	0
later , one of the wives is found dead in the hot tub , setting off a series of events that reveal their inner beliefs . 	0
the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 	0
his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation . 	0
babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds . 	0
'while you were waiting' explores the complex relationship between cigarette addiction and its effects on family members . 	0
while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman . 	0
when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club . 	0
19-year old free spirit daphne reynolds ( amanda bynes ) , raised by her equally free-spirited mother , goes to england to meet her father , who turns out to be a wealthy aristocrat ( colin firth ) . 	0
finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him . 	0
shane bradley , who is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the girl of his dreams . 	0
this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly . 	0
his dreams seemingly become shattered as caroline is married and has a daughter . 	0
years later murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney . 	0
passing himself as a single father , he starts to meet a string of single mums , confident in his ability to leave them behind when they start to ask for a commitment . 	0
what drives a young african-american man to become a member of the republican party and to run for a united states congressional seat in a district in south georgia with a disturbing racist history ? 	0
when the skittish emma finds blood on her pillow why does she still stay behind ? 	0
while there , the elder man falls in love with the mom ( keaton ) . 	0
this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker . 	0
he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever . 	0
patricia is able to escape las vegas , not before having had to overcome the heavily threatening katherine and a brutal nurse ( lilyan chauvin ) who aimed to to keep her constantly drugged . 	0
two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin . 	0
but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them . 	0
with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them . 	0
mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's . 	0
stefan balsiger is a congenial , average councillor to the swiss embassy in havanna . 	0
so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . . 	0
we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference . 	0
in return for a small plot of land , george agrees to search for princess lunna . 	0
big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge . 	0
together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall . 	0
nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director . 	0
an engineer creates the ultimate weapon in a battle against aliens , only to be suspected as an alien himself . 	0
furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain . 	0
in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich . 	0
meena's growing up - and that brings plenty of changes . 	0
with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben . 	0
this causes duncan's father ( jenkins ) further grief , who doesn't understand his son's unusual mourning rituals . 	0
a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots . 	0
it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution . 	0
on a concert tour in india , they marry at a secret and romantic ceremony without any press attention . 	0
daughter from danang tells the dramatic story of one of these children , heidi bub ( a . k . a . mai thi hiep ) , and her vietnamese mother , mai thi kim , separated at the war's end and reunited 22 years later . 	0
years later , at the inauguration of the 'paradise-casino' , patricia announces to a stunned crowd and a flabbergasted katherine that she immediately retires from showbusiness . 	0
hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten . 	0
naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them . 	0
in the dark silence of the sea during world war ii , the submarine u . s . s . 	0
the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events . 	0
here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 	0
handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 	0
when carlitos is released after doing 2 years of " hard time " , he attempts to redeem himself and sets an example for his 5 year-old son . 	0
with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll . 	0
befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg cook , john silver , jim blossoms under his guidance and shows the makings of a fine shipmate as he and the alien crew battle a supernova , a black hole , and a ferocious space storm . 	0
who knows what may be down the next block , or what lies in store for gigi at the end of the walk ? 	0
george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life . 	0
these two facts cause a chain of events that changes not only her life , but also that of her friends in a brutal way . . . 	0
desperate for a grandchild , she's eager to see him married and spends much of her time planning introductions to suitable chinese girls for daniel . 	0
four friends - one summer - an italian-american neighborhood in yonkers , ny . 	0
samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor . 	0
nete's marriage begins to unravel , her father gets worse again and is admitted to hospital , where death comes after all . 	0
soon discovering that they're in a strange fourth dimension where our laws of physics don't apply , they have to unravel the secrets of the " hypercube " in order to survive . . . 	0
the farmer whom the barn belongs to is distraught and can't cope from the intruder's power of articulations . 	0
starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 	0
the story follows unpredictable twists and turns until it climaxes with a madcap finale . 	0
the book records the entire history of the universe , revealing to its readers anything they wish to know . 	0
jenny even turns to the flower girl - who isn't much help . 	0
jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas . 	0
having given permission to male nurse greg focker to marry his daughter , ex-cia man jack byrnes and his wife travel to detroit to greg's parents , who this time around are mr . and mrs . focker , who are as different from them as can be . 	0
the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out . 	0
will tom be able to persuade his naturally cautious and terminally confused fianc&#233 ; e to work through all the damage and chaos ? 	0
soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together . 	0
'broadway' tells the stories of these legendary performers , composers and writers while illustrating their tales with amazing , rare , archival performance footage and these legends' own home movies and photos . 	0
the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way . 	0
after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station . 	0
a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live . 	0
seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began ! 	0
he tries , with his family's support , to find a job and live a normal life . 	0
jimmy sees the tv proposal and returns to town convinced that he can change her mind , however he faces formidable opposition from almost every side . 	0
she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend . 	0
when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines . 	0
toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago . 	0
her mother , ingrid , is a beautiful , free-spirited poet . 	0
anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 	0
although she came back to the house in order to sell it , things begin to take a different direction : the house itself , the furniture and other equipment in it seem to become alive for anna , recalling images of her past , her beloved parents and her friend max , who once gave her shelter from the raging policemen when she took part as a photo journalist in a political demonstration in berlin . 	0
when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder . 	0
faced with the obstacle of needing " ten large " to finance a studio recording session , the bros . 	0
the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak . 	0
they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 	0
cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . " 	0
the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 	0
arvasu prepares to marry outside his brahmin caste - but for this , according to the tribal custom , he has to present himself before nittilai's village elders . 	0
in their brief meeting , johnny will get the chance to face his truth , but the truth is never what it seems . 	0
he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right . 	0
when four kids stop for gas at a strange gas station/freak show/chicken stand on halloween eve , they get directions to a spooky local site from a very strange attendant whose intentions arent that clear , and the story begins from there . 	0
but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth . 	0
in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today . 	0
stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target . 	0
edi is wrongly accused of having raped the girl whose brothers have got the control over one of the city areas . 	0
gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell . 	0
her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken . 	0
she ignores him and climbs the town water tower regularly . 	0
things never seem to be the way they really are . 	0
sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 	0
soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 	0
but this time , they're gonna have to face both the police - and the mafia ! 	0
franco agonizaba y el pr&#237 ; ncipe , jefe de estado en funciones , se encontraba en una posici&#243 ; n dif&#237 ; cil para afrontar un problema fundamental . 	0
a laboratory accident exposes bruce to both the radiation and the nanomeds , these combine with his unique genetics to unleash the hulk . 	0
gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 	0
mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck . 	0
when anti-death-penalty activist david gale is convicted and condemned to death for the murder of a colleague , reporter bitsey bloom sets out to learn the story behind gale's crime . 	0
but when the cockettes flew to new york city to appear off broadway^&#197 ; well , you'll just have to see what happened when new yorkers took a look at them . 	0
davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 	0
uncompromising in his work , sullivan is just as devoted to his private life as an upstanding husband and father of two young boys . 	0
danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her . 	0
while working a car insurance scam , toni cutter , a female con artist , accidentally turns a routine collision into a fatality and exposes her lawyer and lover , stephen tally , to felony murder charges from the district attorney . 	0
they share their drugs and bodies , and beg or steal whatever they have to in order to get by . 	0
wounded and outgunned , sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something . 	0
through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 	0
semi-improvised on the streets of liverpool , dan reed's drama brings the true face of britain's underworld to light . 	0
the movie is a satire of behind the music rock &#38 ; roll bands . 	0
one is little miss perfect , one is an engaged prom queen , and the other is a pregnant outcast . 	0
however , when a friend confronts him with a very dark and horrifying scam for some quick dough and good times , he declines , but never the less he soon finds himself entangled in a web of sex , drugs and christmas carols . 	0
paulie , a pot smoking proctologist who has a list of pre-requisites for dating which reads like " war and peace . " 	0
and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ? 	0
missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited . 	0
even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy . 	0
her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all . 	0
torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 	0
the cooler is bernie lootz ( william h . macy ) , and the cooler is a love story about the changing fortunes of this down-at-heels loser who has made a career out of spreading his virulent bad luck on the floor of las vegas' aging shangri-la casino . 	0
he then dedicates himself to making sure the video tape is released to the public . 	0
since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr . 	0
after that incident matt goes into the woods , looking for dawn . 	0
when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene . 	0
this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) . 	0
it is zuckerman who stumbles upon silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent , upright man , esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life , and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled . 	0
jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place . 	0
the second : a saturday two years later , where charlotte and cecil now a couple , fight , break-up and finally reunite . 	0
 " the institute " is also for the once-famous , who , having bottomed out , also have no where else to turn but brookdale . 	0
shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 	0
fresh out of a long-term relationship in which she lost custody of a dog , janey passes the end of day on her stoop . 	0
the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) . 	0
blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman . 	0
her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 	0
18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood . 	0
driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 	0
when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( lee ) presumes he must have cheated on his fiancee . 	0
so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 	0
however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous . 	0
this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby . 	0
in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death . 	0
two brothers choose the opposite sides in a civil war of a small country . 	0
diego , one of the tigers that attacked the humans , comes also claiming the baby . 	0
many cannot hold a job , or choose not to . 	0
a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . . 	0
he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world . 	0
in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 	0
stripped of his driving privileges for years , and with failing eye sight , eagle steals away in his late wife's old lincoln and heads cross-country to pete's rescue . 	0
jason must get back , therefore he gets a new and unique mask , and goes after the kids of elm street . 	0
a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia . 	0
but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda . 	0
with salvage crews ordered to clear the crash zone for the busy easter traffic , the locals undertook their own salvage operation , making it their best easter ever . 	0
portrait of immigrant youth in two european countries , france and norway , where violence and illegal activity have become a part of everyday life , and where the search for identity can quickly take a dangerous turn . 	0
when jack rebuffs charlie's alcoholic advances , an enemy is born . 	0
she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her . 	0
though the dutchman is white , he has been found to be a reincarnated king in the west african nation of ghana - his wife's homeland . 	0
as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 	0
now even that joy will be stripped away as his son prepares to place him in a nursing home . 	0
there is an instant chemistry between them , and as they proceed to find out more about each other , we the audience are privy to their innermost thoughts by means of voice-over . 	0
oblivious of all the differences of status and background , a bond that would never break grew between them . 	0
unfortunately , stiles has bought off a crooked sheriff who intends to make the trip very difficult for red . . . 	0
from that moment on nothing is as it was before . . . 	0
they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . . 	0
killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , family , god . 	0
however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 	0
shaun brumder is a local surfer kid from orange county who dreams of going to stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household . 	0
she survives and after being in a coma for five years , she wakes to seek revenge on her co-workers and boss who had attacked her . 	0
fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 	0
he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed . 	0
70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 	0
eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day . 	0
you see what he sees , you feel what he feels , you experience the horrible delusions and the verge of insanity as he struggles to find the thinning line between reality and the subconscious . 	0
after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways . 	0
in the shadow of the casinos , is a world of backroom deals that can end a life over less money than the price of a bus ticket home . 	0
jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god . 	0
with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ? 	0
dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along . 	0
henk otte lives on disability with his wife and son outside of amsterdam . 	0
in the hilarious comedy daddy day care , two fathers ( eddie murphy , jeff garlin ) lose their jobs in product development at a large food company and are forced to take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy and become stay-at-home fathers . 	0
in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures . 	0
the movie details the experiences of 'peter pan' author j . m . barrie , which lead him to write the children's classic . 	0
his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 	0
zack takes his cue and the magic show starts but who wants to watch ? 	0
once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man . 	0
thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 	0
johann christoph haizmann , who lived in the 1650s , was a painter and a deeply disturbed individual . 	0
now he is messing with forces from beyond the grave . 	0
through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction . 	0
it includes practical advice for success in the world of freelance office support from dana clark , peoplemovin . com's 	0
desperate , neurotic gloria goes on an emotional roller coaster ride when her boyfriend of three and a half weeks , kip sends her yellow roses . 	0
she'll just have to remember everything for the both of them . 	0
when they come through , will is left with a decision . 	0
when algren is injuried and captured by the samurai , learns about their warrior honor code from katsumoto , the samurai&#180 ; s leader and decide which side of the conflict he wants to be on . . . 	0
turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office . 	0
his destiny lies in the shadows of a black rose - the symbol of decayed innocence . 	0
after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 	0
based on actual accounts , the untold is the story of harlan knowles ( lance henriksen ) , billionaire and president of bio-comp industries who heads up a team of experts in a quest to locate a company plane that disappeared over the remote forests of the pacific northwest . 	0
a comedy about bending the rules to reach your goal , bend it like beckham explores the world of women's football , from kick-abouts in the park to freekicks in the final . 	0
contrary to the homeless stereotype , jack's existence is ruled by discipline . 	0
ultimately eve struggles with destiny in light of her new found love , rediscovery of homeland , and her sense of life's purpose . 	0
this time nick is " getting out ! " . . . or 	0
however tina disregards him and chooses not to respond to his first e-mail , in turn pooja decides to keep in touch with him but signs under tina's name . 	0
is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production . 	0
other strange events soon start happening as well , such as the appearance of old acquaintances of the crew , including some who are dead . 	0
a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn . 	0
as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 	0
nukui is perhaps her most devoted fan , and today he wants to prove it . . . 	0
but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 	0
as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah . 	0
forty-one years after they played their first note on a motown record and three decades since they were all together , the funk brothers reunited back in detroit to play their music and tell their unforgettable story , with the help of archival footage , still photos , narration , interviews , re-creation scenes , 20 motown master tracks , and twelve new live performances of motown classics with the brothers backing up contemporary performers . 	0
albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon . 	0
from stag beetle to swastika narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 	0
now that they're back together , they should be perfect for each other , except that dre's about to marry lawyer reese and sidney claims not to be interested in dre romantically . 	0
retired fbi profiler terry mccaleb ( eastwood ) , who has recently had a heart transplant , is hired by graciela rivers ( de jesus ) , to investigate the death of her sister , gloria , who happens to have given mccaleb his heart . 	0
the unexpected result demonstrates ignored wills do not remain invisible forever . 	0
when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 	0
stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions . 	0
by abstracting and showing extreme details and connecting routines with themes and emotions , liesbeth worm gives a whole new perspective on day to day life . 	0
a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man . 	0
just when we think we have a grasp on each character's inner-motives , more characters get sucked into the fray altering everyone's dynamic and the course of april's " perfect " shower . 	0
luckily , this wouldn't be sabina's final contribution to psychoanalysis . 	0
set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 	0
a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 	0
a serial killer named shin-hyun gives himself up to police . 	0
a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea . 	0
anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 	0
ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 	0
anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night . 	0
to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna . 	0
now the monk must look for a new scrollkeeper . 	0
this movie shows the intense life of this character ; not only focusing in the robberies , but also in the reasons that pushed him into acting the way he did . 	0
a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) . 	0
now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests . 	0
when eddie is shot and paralyzed from the waist down during an attempted robbery , sean prevails on carlos to take over the store to protect his investment . 	0
felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save . 	0
the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 	0
a gang of robbers , lead by career criminal charlie croker , create the largest traffic jam in los angeles history , giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion . 	0
together , ethan and rachel navigate the course of a relationship that is as infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate . 	0
a lot can happen when an honest , young , naive japanese man visits a foreign country for the first time . 	0
just as steven spielberg directed stanley kubrick's 'a . i . ' , 	0
after baptizing their amnesiac boy-toy chris , the infamous pair takes him on a grand tour of their wild nightlife frolic , their spontaneous media extravaganza and their dazzling diva lifestyle in order to help him find his identity and his way home . 	0
a postal worker has some lunch in a chinese restaurant and falls in love with the waitress , who happens to be chinese . 	0
entwined with maggie's search for hope , the film explores her interaction with her family and friends . 	0
in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history . 	0
he's a middle aged hermit who likes to talk and has an answer to everything . 	0
kimberly corman , 19 , was just taking a trip with her friends . . 	0
alex enlists the aid of his old comrade father thomas ( addy ) and of a troubled artist ( sossamon ) upon whom he once performed an exorcism . 	0
he also tries to cope with the recent death of his 6 year old son jacob , whose presence can still be felt in the house . 	0
pretty new temp irene can't help falling for graham's spontaneous charm . 	0
denied political-prisoner-of-war status , he initiates a hunger strike . 	0
john has become not just a full fledged phenomenon and household word , but a critics darling and social enigma as well . 	0
now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 	0
part contemporary investigation and part historical inquiry , documentary follows the quest of one journalist in search of justice . 	0
when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . 	0
seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states . 	0
he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen . 	0
now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city . 	0
soon she finds herself in the most bizarre situations like doing " harry &#38 ; sally " 's famous faked orgasm scene , judging everyone , starting fights and visiting the theatre to find out her boyfriend is " doing " other girls on stage . 	0
gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . " 	0
when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 	0
the true story of revolutionary war leader ethan allen ( 1738-1789 ) and his group of fighters , the green mountain boys , who fought for the freedom of vermont before the war officially started . 	0
unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 	0
after several fruitless attempts to sell the car , shirley dumps johnny , who has hopelessly fallen in love with her . 	0
but when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on , something very strange happens . 	0
the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel . 	0
sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days . 	0
terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 	0
in this new , full-length animated feature about basketball , old girlfriends , holiday spirits , and the mall , adam sandler voices the three lead characters of whitey , davey , and whitey's fraternal twin sister eleanore ! 	0
a once powerful , but now ailing and remorseful father desperately seeks out his estranged son . 	0
a team of experts must return back in time and replace the butterfly . 	0
their plan is to sell it to wealthy arabs . 	0
in return , a million dollars in cash each . 	0
a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ? 	0
chance is a black comedy about how hard it is to find " the one " . 	0
boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall . 	0
he dies alone at the hospital , and apparently everything nete planned went wrong . 	0
due to a botched robbery attempt , a ruthless romanian barbarian is somehow resurrected in modern day new york and begins wreaking havok on a small manhattan art-house . 	0
however , they must ge the migt baby product done before they can settle their personal affairs . 	0
terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " . 	0
just as he begins to suspect the movie is ruining his love life , his world is turned inside-out by a girl who just might be the modern equivalent of annie hall herself . 	0
the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters . 	0
improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs . 	0
alex bernier ( ledger ) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as carolingians . 	0
sitting in front of a computer , drinking excessive amounts of coffee and smoking cigarettes are the different tasks that keep dana awake and ready for the next message . 	0
 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 	0
nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode . 	0
fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as " the tooth fairy " . 	0
the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why . 	0
max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him . 	0
in the 1870s , jacobina , daughter of german immigrants to southern brazil , starts to break with both the catholic and lutheran churches to preach body healing through soul cleansing . 	0
along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 	0
when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 	0
the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale . 	0
for revenge , ingrid murders barry with the deadly poison of her favourite flower : the white oleander . 	0
of course , this isn't the best idea , since it involves sneaking into gun-nut carl's house in the middle of the night . 	0
bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford . 	0
fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness . 	0
but for rachel , this love stirs not only untested emotions , but forces her to confront her past . 	0
she wants his blessing to marry a man she loves , but he tells her that she must marry a man of his choosing , and that she must undergo female circumcision . 	0
spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop . 	0
investors from around the world are intrigued to bring money to the project heavily backed by patricia . 	0
durval and celia are charmed by the child at first , but soon they see some sad news about celia and kiki on tv that will change the whole situation . 	0
a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants . 	0
he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 	0
a sexy urban comedy about how a guy who is addicted to watching pornography discovers love is stronger than fantasy when he meets and falls in love with the girl of his dreams . 	0
true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for . 	0
they grow hesitantly closer than their previous adversarial relationship as old bonds are tested and new awarenesses are inspired . 	0
 " growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic . 	0
before she drowns , the baby is rescued by manny and sid . 	0
together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under . 	0
and although billy doesn't want jackson , two other guys do : derek , a clean-cut record store customer , and sam , the straight record store owner . 	0
in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ? 	0
living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed . 	0
due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms . 	0
having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 	0
the boy's obsessive compulsive parents are played by wendie malick and stephen root . 	0
he wants to realize the dream nurtured for year by his father . 	0
although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds . 	0
problem is , 18-year-old christina lombardo doesn't want her help . 	0
in a place soon to be known as the valley of death , in a small clearing called landing zone x-ray , lt . colonel hal moore ( mel gibson ) and 400 young fathers , husbands , brothers , and sons , all troopers from an elite american combat division , were surrounded by 2 , 000 north vietnamese soldiers . 	0
here , in his swiss town , he catches a bus to work , closing his eyes but realizing the horror of his existence . 	0
maggie is a young cuban-american freelance writer who takes an eye opening trip back to her roots and meets a young enchanting native , mateo . 	0
however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails . 	0
in a world ravaged by disease , disasters and hatred - a worldwide plan which dates back more than 2000 years has been implemented to show people that there's more to life and living then just waste . 	0
there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil . 	0
they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada . 	0
she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 	0
and what better place for romance than coney island ? 	0
reinalda fell hopelessly in love with her long red hair and big good-goods during her days as a french panto teacher and now she will stop at nothing , including the highest office in the land , to be with her always . 	0
but sue , angry and feeling abandoned by lynn , decides to carry out the killing herself . 	0
anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 	0
his songs are no longer seen as top grade . 	0
all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 	0
it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking . 	0
he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students . 	0
a spirit is haunting sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from life to death . 	0
toss in david's best friends a dying pre-op transsexual best friend and an aging , bitter , fag-hag journalist . 	0
back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle . 	0
a married seattle couple ( megan murphy , jeff weatherford ) struggle in their relationship as they approach the millenium , each looking for new directions in their life . 	0
the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 	0
the united states of america is notorious for its astronomical number of people killed by firearms for a developed nation without a civil war . 	0
this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans . 	0
could matty finish a porn movie before his legs get broken by tokyo tony ? 	0
armed with $20 dollars and a backpack pastor william sets off on an adventure across the united states in an adventure that would change the lives of millions and test him beyond measure . 	0
subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 	0
in the end , alex unveils her secret , an act of truth , which forces this crazed cast of characters to re-examine their own lives . 	0
fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 	0
but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco . 	0
it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 	0
ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed . 	0
this sets off a minor battle between the two for control of the fish supply . 	0
matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion . 	0
together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people . 	0
there are only three u . s . states left . 	0
his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back . 	0
keith bennets ( mark thompson ) mother passed away a year ago , and he feels like he has moved on with his life , until one morning his mothers jewellery shows up on keiths bathroom sink . 	0
in an ancient time , predating the pyramids , the evil king memnon is using the psychic powers of his sorceress cassandra to fortell his great victories . 	0
he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 	0
september of 1944 , a few days before finland went out of the second world war . 	0
the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 	0
now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 	0
the films stars roark critchlow ( days of our lives , friends , mr . deeds ) as the would be husband who has to come clean about a few things from his past and risk losing the love of his life . 	0
refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood . 	0
meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . . 	0
siti accepts the challenge , as this will help the popularity and rating of her show " cable news international " to increase . 	0
a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change . 	0
as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis . 	0
no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 	0
by the time their power struggle is finally resolved , both bob and the assistant learn that neither one of them is really in charge . 	0
paco ( debora falabella ) and tonho ( roberto bomtempo ) are illegal brazilian immigrants in new york . 	0
later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 	0
the ensuing battle was one of the most savage in u . s . history . 	0
warren schmidt ( nicholson ) is forced to deal with an ambiguous future as he enters retirement . 	0
in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field . 	0
the film contains colour home movie footage of the film's production which where shot by charles' brother sydney . 	0
a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 	0
this includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an iraqi bombing . 	0
he gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient queen akasha and she wants him to become her king . . . 	0
jamie has a " to-do " list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . 	0
to complete the deal , he must bring a young american hustler boy ( who is taken to rio not knowing that he'll be killed in a snuff film ) . 	0
during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was . 	0
an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 	0
as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 	0
it is in this great maritime empire , where opulence rhymes with tolerance , that isabel organizes secret passages for refugees fleeing the inquisition while clara falls in love with a venetian noble , paolo zane . 	0
challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy . 	0
on a trip through texas to mexico , a group of teens pick up the survivor of a massacre that took place the night before . 	0
yet , beneath an upbeat appearance , she is struggling desperately with the emotional and physical scars left by the attack . 	0
for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison . 	0
into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest . 	0
by doing this he meets a link between the two time periods ( lang ) . 	0
peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn ! 	0
the film documents the band responding to the twists and turns of the recording industry , rehearsing for their tour , preparing for their debut concert at the grand ole opry , charting the course for their career with their managers , and living every-day life on the farm where they reside in rural tennessee . 	0
as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain . 	0
a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 	0
her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well . 	0
murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 	0
kok pin , boon hock and terry are classmates in " em3 " stream . 	0
what starts as an innocent game of bar trivia soon escalates into an all out war - dex &#38 ; eric vs . herb . 	0
the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding . 	0
in dogville trier works extensively with light , sound , score and music to obtain and heighten dramatic atmosphere . 	0
an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d . 	0
narrated by james ellroy , stan brakhage , and dr . roy menninger . 	0
in the vein of raiders of the lost ark , this action packed thriller takes us on a roller coaster ride from the bone chilling cold of moscow to the mystical beauty of india . 	0
nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances . 	0
this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record . 	0
they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 	0
john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina . 	0
doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink . 	0
a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 	0
likely to give up their first born before they give up their lodge , the crowd puts their heads together and come up with not one , but three methods of raising the money . 	0
this 'blonde goddess' , however , left her career at its peak to devote herself to a life of meditation and religious devotion , in the mountains of rio de janeiro . 	0
in the end family , good friends , and a supportive community rally to help him once again find joy . 	0
rather than the large chunk of change that many people would expect , ted instead receives his mother's pack of rowdy sled dogs and her property . 	0
chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together . 	0
but again , her guardian angel reactivates her will to live . 	0
seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past . 	0
when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl . 	0
this is the story of ryan , a thirty-something office worker , persecuted by his supervisor angela and under-appreciated his fianc&#233 ; e jo . 	0
dizzy harrison is an unpopular , high school geek going through a hellish senior year . 	0
bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) . 	0
en este ambiente de violencia y pesimismo , salva y &#193 ; ngel , dos p&#237 ; caros de barrio , se ganan la vida mendigando en el metro para sus patatas bravas y sus verm&#250 ; s de grifo . 	0
a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team . 	0
how long can gus bishop perpetrate the scam and remain in the shadows while his legendary alter ego basks in the spotlight as the next big thing ? 	0
as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body . 	0
the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child . 	0
the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter . 	0
john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 	0
the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) . 	0
a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor . 	0
after months in the holy land he returns home in hope of forgiveness , some poontang and perhaps , if he finds the time , finding the mysterious wizard . . . 	0
but on the wedding day , they also sign a divorce agreement which is effective one year after their marriage . 	0
she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love . 	0
and the detective isn't convinced that this will be the last . . . 	0
but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) . 	0
the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 	0
but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire . 	0
during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 	0
the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle . 	0
now prisoners of war aboard u-boat 429 , a small group of american survivors will find their loyalties put to the ultimate test when they're forced to join their german captors to fight for their very lives . 	0
when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates . 	0
he saves a rich man ( sharad kapoor ) from the goons , who offers him a job . 	0
it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 	0
west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . . 	0
but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 	0
jose is a street performer having an extended dry spell with women . 	0
but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy . 	0
the women clash as plans go awry , tragedy strikes , and hearts get broken . 	0
this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 	0
he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet . 	0
rachel soon finds herself involved with the playground and on the killers hitlist . 	0
her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 	0
rocha's years of exile in cuba ( 1971-72 ) , coincided with a period of great cultural ferment and debate about the roles of the arts in the social and political revolutions of latin america and the third world . 	0
cancelling a trip to disney world with his son , he decides to bring the boy along . 	0
the feds are now determined to bring kilo's operation down . 	0
now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them . 	0
this is a delightful comedy with countless celebrity cameos by dave foley , jeff goldblum , and jack black just to name a few . 	0
chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road . 	0
diesel stars as xander " xxx " cage , the notorious underground thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law . 	0
by following his own heart and believing in himself , he finds true love his own way in the form of the beguiling doreen the po'boys - a band of four musicians - once had a hit single . 	0
once there , she finds more than she expected . 	0
in converging with angels , a world-weary sex worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively takes in a drunk , fragile young woman who is in distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to force some measure of redemption in a life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually bankrupt . 	0
besides amsterdam , the movie also travels to morocco , to see larry and his love 30 years before , and to the united states , where a&#239 ; sha's family lives . 	0
at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle . 	0
what they don't know , however , is that they're filming near the secret hideout of slobodan pavle , a serbian war criminal . 	0
set in 1898 sudan , this fifth film to be adapted from the a . e . w . 	0
they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 	0
assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 	0
this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 . 	0
jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) . 	0
the story captures the dilemma of gifted musicians turning music into a professional career without losing artistic integrity and soul . 	0
dude schmitz , an independent filmmaker , attempting to secure funds for his second feature , blows an opportunity at what promises to be a lucrative interview with pop sensation britney spears . 	0
in the middle of world war i , nine british soldiers caught behind enemy lines seek refuge in a complex network of german trenches . 	0
in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 	0
the last ones , in denial of the inevitable , have waited too long in the security of their own homes . 	0
they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature . 	0
they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 	0
he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood . 	0
after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town . 	0
along the way , their political spirit resurfaces , leading to their fight against the new york city board of education for domestic partner benefits , and their establishment of a pflag chapter for retirees in florida . 	0
majid majidi interviews peasants , soldiers , youngsters , women , elderly and gives a special attention to the children's extraordinary resilience as they are confronted with the emotional and physical turmoil of war . 	0
it has been a year since johnny and wayne created the ultimate bra for samantha's company . 	0
marquez is working with barrillo , and is about to assassinate el presidente and assume power . 	0
or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 	0
he's dead ; and all their money is gone . 	0
rebuffed in love and uncertain of life , simon is the story of a young englishman's physical and spiritual journey during algeria's battle for independence from france . 	0
now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action ! 	0
now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust . 	0
one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 	0
the hilarity belies the poignancy of truth and love and the laughter is punctuated with honesty , tenderness and pain . 	0
he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims . 	0
mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) . 	0
twists of fate along the way test and strain their relationship even further . 	0
once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks . 	0
through dream manipulations and guilt , he's able to convince hockey-masked psychopath jason which both freddy and jason sense as the perfect opportunity for a slice-and-dice job . 	0
when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 	0
they don't see eye-to-eye on clothes , hair , music , and certainly not in each other's taste in men . 	0
in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere . 	0
the tale unfolds as a group of hustlers encounter " the dean " and pull off a successful sting that results in their pursuit by a vengeful gangster . 	0
when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 	0
the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers . 	0
instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection . 	0
<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john 	0
although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair . 	0
the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history . 	0
his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america . 	0
young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 	0
slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers . 	0
leoncio's son robert and daughter marites disapprove of their father's single-handed decision , leading to a conflict that causes the old man's fatal heart attack . 	0
yet it was his little-known artistic pursuits before the war that honed his discerning eye . 	0
joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well . 	0
the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes . 	0
in awe of seductive club singer velma kelly ( who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair ) , roxie meets fred cassely a man who convinces her he can 'make her showbiz career take off' . 	0
finnur , a 9 year old boy , finds his way to j&#243 ; hanns world and they develop a special friendship . 	0
in 1949 , laura brown , a pregnant housewife , is planning a party for her husband , but she can't stop reading the novel 'mrs . 	0
after the death of a " mucker " and two others opposing her sect , the local authorities decide to act against her and her followers . 	0
their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home . 	0
the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment . 	0
a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one . 	0
it takes you on a personal journey through one family's history , one man's self-destructive grief and a love that transcends time and death . 	0
meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets . 	0
it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student . 	0
the jew ( shylock ) has a long memory of oppression , but revenge is not so sweet . 	0
sumo is not only the national sport of japan but a centuries-old cultural treasure that is literally part of the shinto religion . 	0
faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them . 	0
kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 	0
but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 	0
his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands . 	0
with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 	0
is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 	0
meanwhile , a farmer and his son set out on a personal mission to hunt the creeper down . 	0
winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . 	0
they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth . 	0
martin is going on a blinddate and in his internal government the ministers are preparing for a routine state visit . 	0
along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst . 	0
it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it . 	0
as he struggles to achieve social success , he discovers his darker side . 	0
in reality , she endures the day-to-day hurt of a sensitive girl who is very much alone . 	0
they find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family . 	0
in their own words , and not a moment too soon - 'broadway' tells the stories of our theatrical legends , how they came to new york , and how they created this legendary century in american theatre . 	0
a film crew travels to the austrian alps near the ( former ) yugoslav border to film three extreme sports enthusiasts being chased down by an avalanche for a commercial . 	0
known in english at festivals as " weightwatch , " this title captures the essence of the film . 	0
he forgets most things after only a few minutes . 	0
under the pressure of her psychological assaults , sam's do-gooder vaneer cracks and his true nature is revealed . 	0
in the process they have tortured villagers and something dreadful happens and rupi disappears . 	0
is the story of eight very different people who go on a catalogue modeling trip from sophisticated los angeles to the remote mountains of california . 	0
and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 	0
lukas and his friends live in a commune out in the woods . 	0
four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 	0
jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams . 	0
the time constraints of his job prevent him from spending time with his family and friends . 	0
in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 	0
and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love . 	0
everyone involved starts getting killed , with mitchell being the next in line . 	0
ira member bobby sands is imprisoned in northern ireland . 	0
beautiful , sophisticated women are all over oscar grubman . 	0
however , when a search sets in , the people of dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor grace and she learns the hard way that in this town , goodness is relative . 	0
this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 	0
her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art . 	0
giving birth to her first child should be a time of happiness for rachel ( emily woof ) , but the dream is shattered when she learns that her newborn baby has died during the night . 	0
now all they have to do is pick the right guy . 	0
set in the rugged mountains and lush , untamed forests of the pacific northwest , tribe of joseph is an engrossing tale of troubled youths plucked from the familiarity of their urban lives and transported into the alien isolation and life or death danger of a survivalist existence . 	0
they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei . 	0
brookdale is infested with super-intelligent , supernaturally empowered killer rats , a by-product of forgotten experiments conducted by " dr . 	0
after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real . 	0
wishing to free himself more firmly he locks himself into d&#233 ; pendance and lack of power . 	0
rumours of haunting , paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place five years before , have kept the truth of holy angel's last days buried with the innocent victims . 	0
hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 	0
this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story . 	0
on the set he meets movie star and ex-cello-player inga ( fabienne babe ) - and the experience is bizarre spirited uplifting a com&#233 ; die humaine . 	0
but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime . 	0
but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials . 	0
needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 	0
a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing . 	0
obsessed by the world of pool , johnny ( mars callahan ) could be one of the best . 	0
melissa , who will drag him into a world of passion and crime , will soon meet him . 	0
 " all for nothin' " is their story of love , forgiveness and redemption . 	0
rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him . 	0
for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind . 	0
after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway . 	0
is life a series of uncontrollable events that are laid out for us or is it truly what we make of it ? 	0
~a contract brings them together in bucharest : a rigged attack on a romanian general standing for election , an attack during which they will let themselves be killed . 	0
as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 	0
then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle . 	0
and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ? 	0
she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 	0
there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 	0
roy &#38 ; candy and lonnie earl &#38 ; darlene are two married couples who thought they knew one another , until they decided to take their dream vacation together . 	0
they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 	0
jack and agent hammer turn to father patrick , a catholic priest , for help . 	0
but when irrefutable proof that they are meant to be together arises , both of them are sent into conflict . 	0
she receives a letter of acceptance to a writer's fellowship across the country , which she burns . 	0
with films like 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam yet again proves that he is at his best when tackling human emotions and relationships . 	0
henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd . 	0
this case made history in the new jersey judicial system and these teenagers ( who , at the time , were between the ages of 14 and 16 ) were the first in the state to be tried and convicted as adults . 	0
a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever . 	0
in the heart of a sanitized suburban neighborhood , herbert's everyday life is filled with constant emasculation at the hands of his wife , eleanor , and the daily grind of work on the chain . 	0
he lures her back to las vegas to continue her career . 	0
using his family's old mob connections , tony has mapped out every detail for a very special evening . 	0
it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 	0
now the job isn't the payoff , it's about payback . 	0
challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them . 	0
he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida . 	0
the result of an old cia mind-control experiment gone bad , felice quick is on the loose and headed for junior-high school teacher sam blacker . 	0
he has to walk through some of the worst areas in l . a . 	0
one night , tobias knifes his father in the back , and escape to switzerland . 	0
this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love . 	0
the beautiful fugitive , grace ( nicole kidman ) , arrives in the isolated township of dogville on the run from a team of gangsters . 	0
such a talent makes fabbrizio the kidnapping target of his former arch-enemy devlin bowman , a criminal mastermind . 	0
dealing with the aftermath of the 'accident' brings out the best and the worst in them . 	0
 " so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? " he asks a reluctant eric . 	0
halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon . 	0
on their last night of high school life , six best friends vow to spend their spring break together . 	0
fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night . 	0
as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all . 	0
in the next town over , desiree perry has returned to visit and show off her new anesthesiologist husband , reggie . 	0
but when he realizes that he has to deal with what has got to be god's most arduous task , listening and answering prayers . 	0
eva is an accidental witness of the death of a young girl , even more : she's got it all on tape . 	0
the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich . 	0
but he meets cac&#225 ; 's brother , nando , who tries to convince him to take part in a scam . 	0
in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder . 	0
in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries . 	0
to worsen things , during the holidays aksel gets teamed up with the two girls , fatima and annika , to perform a song to the local youth club's song contest , melodi grand prix . 	0
one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home . 	0
johnny knoxville and his crazy friends appear on the big screen for the very first time in jackass : the movie . 	0
while staking out his next assignment--the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss--contract killer malik reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape . 	0
the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world . 	0
as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father . 	0
when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante . 	0
pauly then fakes his own death , and the media goes crazy . 	0
a young french journalist , marina , is writing a report on 'the next film starred by melina : the story of lilly' . 	0
two angels realize that the babies have been switched , and decide to try and find the antichrist and prevent the end of the world . 	0
after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life . 	0
a fairly optimistic representation of family abuse , sexual , psychological and physical violence . 	0
in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck . 	0
capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women . 	0
ricki , a " lesbian assassin " , is sent to oversee gigli's job and make sure he doesn't screw it up . 	0
francis , an exceptional artist whose imaginative forays into a fictional universe of good and evil fill his notebooks with comic-book imagery , creates a netherworld of superhero alter egos for the two boys . 	0
the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years . 	0
the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again . 	0
shortly thereafter , kilo is involved in a drug deal with a wired frat boy that goes bad and he is imprisoned . 	0
every hour brings rausch one step closer to controlling the satellite and taking the world hostage . 	0
two sisters aged six years , no sooner see their remaining parent buried when they are torn apart . 	0
when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 	0
it is a bitter story about a middle-aged man , who hates his life and other people , including himself . 	0
teens are borrowing the family car to drive to manhattan with hopes of being picked to enter studio 54 . 	0
chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland . 	0
then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control . 	0
 " politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder . 	0
for example , she collects cans and bottles to recycle from the beach and buys fish food with the money she makes , then paddles out in the ocean to feed the fish there . 	0
they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life . 	0
with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in . 	0
as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 	0
after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser . 	0
spanning 18 years in an iranian women's prison , this follows two women : the new prison warden , a tough as nails devout muslim who has served in the army on the iraqi front , and a young midwife , mitra , who is serving her sentence for killing her mother's abusive husband . 	0
hamilton high is no place for a teacher who cares . 	0
in 1946 , tests began using nazi v-1 " buzz bombs " launched from the decks of american diesel submarines . 	0
when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . . 	0
within the five walls of the boxes , the rhythmic and dynamic movements become a fascinating visual experience . 	0
forced with the ultimatum , keith launches himself on a day of reclamation . 	0
along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way . 	0
they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous . 	0
on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 	0
the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction . 	0
crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 	0
locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland . 	0
along the way , he helps unite the once legendary country bear band for a benefit show to save the country bear concert hall . 	0
from then on , patricia rises immediately to stardom . 	0
as she tries to clear her name , she uncovers information that leads to more murders and more unanswered questions . 	0
armed with twenty dollars and a backpack , pastor william sets off on an unusual call from god to walk across the country preaching the gospel . 	0
there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound . 	0
it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him . 	0
a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 	0
enter jack ( sarsgaard ) , a wall street investment banker with a business proposal that has victor's name ( and money ) written all over it . 	0
nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father . 	0
lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross . 	0
it's " best in show " meets " strictly ballroom " via " kids in the hall " . 	0
when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 	0
maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 	0
the film , a follow-up to " jack the dog " , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together . 	0
matters become even more complicated when juwanna realizes that he is falling for his teammate michelle ( vivica a . fox ) , who shows him that there is more to women than meets the eye . 	0
josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene . 	0
as the geological fracture deepens and widens , the european community begins to disassociate itself from the calamity , and panic ensues among tourists and residents attempting to escape . 	0
fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary . 	0
film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 	0
her husband , eric , becomes obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's moves become increasingly unpredictable . 	0
and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " . 	0
ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood . 	0
this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 	0
after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 	0
hilarity ensues as the local developer battles to stop them while the sheriff starts to fall for the family's only daughter . 	0
now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents . 	0
her hard fought for goal of a harmonic family life seems achieved . 	0
but things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers . 	0
the aftermath of a high school shooting leaves deanna cartwright ( erika christensen ) seriously wounded and nine others dead , including the perpetrator . 	0
a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's " annie hall " is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . 	0
the four girls are teased and discriminated against by their other colleagues and are finally fired by their beautiful , evil boss christine . 	0
andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . . 	0
when they reach la , lucy ( britney spears ) falls in love with ben and against her father's wishes , she stays and she goes to the audition . 	0
a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake . 	0
told in one fluid shot , a tale which floats like a dreamlike journey through the majestic spaces of the hermitage in st . petersburg , engaging real and imagined characters from russian and european history . 	0
a young rebell oversteps the boarder between stage and life on the trail of francois villon . 	0
the girl he wanted to run away with and share the rest of his life . 	0
maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life . 	0
soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent . 	0
as he experiences each aberration , the artist enters an almost trance-like state , during which he paints what he sees . 	0
knowing his end is near , he puts out the call to his old comrade , john " eagle eye " pennell . 	0
leela is the story of leela , an aware , liberal woman who struggles with the true meaning of independence . 	0
primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives . 	0
he has come to earth to spearhead an invasion . 	0
his loving wife maya vows to help get him out of jail . 	0
this becomes somewhat of a problem when all of the dead scientists come back to life in search of a snack . 	0
two hard-boiled detectives ( blair brown and joe grifasi ) and an oddball pathologist ( dylan baker ) investigate a severed hand found in a laundromat - and the results aren't pretty . . . 	0
each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver . 	0
prey for rock &#38 ; roll is the story of jacki and her all-girl rock and roll band , clam dandy , who are trying to make it in the la club scene of the late 1980's . 	0
in an isolated town named raccoon city , the largest corporate supplier of healthcare , medical supplies , and defense technology has a secret research facility located half a mile underground called the hive . 	0
not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions . 	0
unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 	0
bullying students are becoming deathly ill after screaming the name of a legendary ghost . 	0
living with the fosters is a darkly funny and dangerously subtle comedy about one family's paranoid preparation for the year 2000 crisis and beyond . 	0
so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it . 	0
but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls . 	0
what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents . 	0
three hungover penrith boys conspire to break up a couple on high street when one of the mates is smitten by one of the pair . 	0
a true story set in modern times to bring people closer to the knowledge that there is a better way . 	0
buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 	0
the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) . 	0
first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels . 	0
eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it . 	0
koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation . 	0
she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job . 	0
paravasu's young brother arvasu ( milind soman ) is in love with a tribal girl , nittilai ( sonali kulkarni ) . 	0
when bernie falls for a gorgeous cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) his bad luck is thrown into reverse . 	0
she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 	0
lieutenant hart must then defend the black pilot against charges before an obviously racist american tribunal ; unaware that the trial itself is only a front for the real secret of the prison camp . 	0
the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield . 	0
the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 	0
bennie may not be who she seems , and there may be a chink in banks's tough-guy armor . 	0
in the aftermath of the fall of the talibans , the film explores the city of herat where it captures the reactions of the city dwellers expressing their memories and their hopes . 	0
daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman . 	0
adrien , a former high-flying bank robber , recently released from prison and suffering from an incurable form of cancer . . . 	0
adam sandler invites you to share some holiday cheer in the new , no-holds-barred musical comedy adam sandler's 8 crazy nights . 	0
the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 	0
the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 	0
one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory . 	0
now he must battle the courts to get his children back . 	0
over months of improv work in the studio , they transform a haunting holocaust legacy into a disturbing theater piece . 	0
it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release . 	0
their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim . 	0
zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun . 	0
when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed . 	0
always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand . 	0
at the age of 25 , tiz is considered a survivor . 	0
charlie is man who wakes up one morning to find that no one can see him . 	0
she sets out to strike down her once fellow assassins , leaving bill for last . 	0
they will try to find hanareh , a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the iraqi kurdistan . 	0
first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot . 	0
 " tattered angel " is a story of pain and triumph . 	0
fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior . 	0
a corrupt cia agent ( johnny depp ) who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 	0
grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 	0
the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders . 	0
though the bosses killed his father , he is loyal to them and is considered family . 	0
but when his reputation is challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast ride , he can't back down . 	0
the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night . 	0
'wheatfield with crows' takes the life of vincent van gogh and sets it in the modern day music industry . 	0
based on a true story , this is about the irish journalist veronica guerin ( cate blanchett ) , a reporter for the dublin sunday independent , who exposed some of dublin's most powerful crime barons and drug lords in 1996 . 	0
some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity . 	0
the only threat mastermind thief charlie croker ( wahlberg ) never saw coming was a member of his own crew . 	0
they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions . 	0
a vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans , transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into reapers themselves . 	0
leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience . 	0
tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths . 	0
sent away by her proud parents after she disgraced them by getting pregnant at 15 , desiree , like marly , pursued a career in show business . 	0
nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him . 	0
haunted by the memories of war , he seeks a quiet life of farming , solitude and prayer . 	0
the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 	0
through simon , patricia strengthens her self-confidence to finally quit chicago . 	0
five years later " the bride " awakens from the coma the assassins left her in and heads out to seek bloody revenge . 	0
to do so , he decides to ape her behaviors , right down to wearing her fur coat to bed . 	0
voyeurism is the order all around , as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operation&#237 ; s delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion . 	0
in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 	0
when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map . 	0
ruth berman and connie kurtz first met in brooklyn in 1959 , both young married women raising their young children . 	0
he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top . 	0
as they struggle to get out of the country and fight to stay alive , they find a special love and compassion from which emerges their ultimate moral and spiritual redemption . 	0
she is a very sweet girl , and they get along quite well with her . 	0
this is the story of " johnny " , a struggling blues musician estranged from both his family and the country roots he left behind . 	0
the news of the assault causes a public outcry against the mutants , including renewed support for the mutant registration act , and william stryker , a military leader rumored to have experimented on mutants ( possibly including wolverine ) , is among the most vocal supporters of the legislation . 	0
but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 	0
their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 	0
joanna , a good-for-nothing girl who miserably failed in her attempt to win any television game show and contest , is hired by nino as his personal secretary , believing that she could be her lucky charm . 	0
now he's back in the park where he used to meet her . . . 	0
but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . . 	0
vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 	0
but when the substitute institutes some strange redefinitions of naughty and nice , putting christmas at risk , it's up to scott to return with a new bag of magic to try to save christmas . 	0
he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one . 	0
as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : " trust no one " and " nothing is what it seems . " 	0
produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity . 	0
the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother . 	0
aka is the story of a disaffected youth's search for love , status , and identity in late 1970s britain . 	0
with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities . 	0
 " cold mountain " tells the story of a wounded confederate soldier named inman ( jude law ) who struggles on a perilous journey to get back home to cold mountain , n . c . as well as to ada ( nicole kidman ) , the woman he left behind before going off to fight in the civil war . 	0
ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin and takes her into his protection . 	0
concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him . 	0
 " it's amazing how one small thing can set off such an interesting chain of events . " 	0
in a classic homage to chinese martial arts films , he is involved in intense hand to hand combat including sword fighting , guns , car chases , and other ingenious forms of fighting to mame and kill these tong members . 	0
using their immense skills , max and charisse track rausch , a brilliant international arms dealer , around the globe . 	0
meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life . 	0
jack black will play dewey finn , a depressed musician that was recently fired from his band . 	0
shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 	0
reaching to break the wishbone , thomas thinks of his ultimate dream - to see the sexy neighbor naked . 	0
set against the picturesque landscape of the mississippi delta in the 1940's , " the rising place " follows the close friendship of two young women , each of a different race , and their struggle to find purpose in their lives during this time of social injustice and world war . 	0
linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide . 	0
guns , money , and a chance at paradise . . . 	0
now as a young scientist , he is researching healing technology using gamma radiation activated nanomeds . 	0
based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the " true " story of what really did become of elvis presley . 	0
it is quickly agreed however , that selling chocolates door to door , or fire powered potato guns to children , may be too complicated . 	0
what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 	0
the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 	0
he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 	0
when she decides to cancel her only holiday with tor and go on a self-development course with per instead , the passive bystander tor realises he's going to have to stand up and be a man . 	0
and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl . 	0
in a small fishing village an established fishmonger , davis , starts to have his supply bought from under him by new boy alan leech . 	0
the joy has gone out of phil's and penny's life , but when an unexpected tragedy occurs , they are brought together to rediscover their love . 	0
there's only one thing his cousin didn't tell him . . . 	0
he meets sunny , an afghan immigrant hot dog vendor , whose son is a would-be rapper , among others , and falls for laila , a fashion designer who still carries the expectations of her traditional parents . 	0
soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own . 	0
their rescue mission leads them to a disused lab , but what should have been a simple raid turns into a series of twisted and mind bending incidents where the free and the caged switch places , in this tormented psychological horror . 	0
after returning home from a two week trial in chicago , rachel bishop ( rachel nord ) finds her sister emily bishop ( nancy walters ) missing . 	0
on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 	0
and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 	0
tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 . 	0
impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps . 	0
he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive . 	0
bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 	0
the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers . 	0
faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind . 	0
banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels . 	0
the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice . 	0
they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness . 	0
with the recent release of full-length features like " princess mononoke " and the 2001 dvd release of the classic " akira , " japanese animation is fast becoming a leading force in the american entertainment industry . 	0
built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way . 	0
hank azaria and vincent d'onofrio also star as does screenwriter/comedienne heather morgan as the canine wife . 	0
with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' . 	0
unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered . 	0
daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 	0
character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route . 	0
oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by diane , eve's best friend who , one night while wearing eve's borrowed perfumed scarf , offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst . 	0
in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you . 	0
now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 	0
in mid-1970s savannah , two bright but rebellious boys , francis doyle and tim sullivan , fight boredom , hormones and harsh teachers as they struggle to find something meaningful beyond the walls of their parish school . 	0
but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 	0
despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted . 	0
trouble comes when tom ex girlfriend reappears , asking for help , announcing him that she had a girl from him 9 years ago . 	0
majandra delfino plays iris , the sheriff's little sister , and much to his dismay , david's love interest . 	0
like an exotic , endangered species , these colorful cars roam around this island paradise trapped in a 1950's time warp . 	0
bret owns a small but successful art gallery , balancing aesthetics and business deftly . 	0
dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london . 	0
mark spends his days at the paddy wagon , tending bar and hanging out with his childhood friend , otis . 	0
these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers . 	0
little do they know but help is on the way and this friday will get freaky ! 	0
the story is set against a relationship that forms between a runaway american teenage boy and a brazilian teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 	0
re-formed by a coded message to their web site , a group of animal rights activists set off to free an imprisoned colleague from a terrifying ordeal . 	0
well , bruce nolan , played by jim carrey , gets that chance after he freaks out on live tv , is fired and is offered a new job by an unknown place . 	0
connie sumner has a loving husband , a beautiful home , and a wonderful son , but she wants more . 	0
billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son . 	0
meanwhile the kids find a stray dog who needs a home . 	0
the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 	0
his father , aglanar , was happy at his birth that he would have a strong and honorable son to carry on the traditions of the valley . 	0
but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made . 	0
with a court martial to keep visser and the germans distracted , mcnamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant , enlisting the unwitting help of young lt . tommy hart . 	0
all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey . 	0
will she get it , or will death get her first ? 	0
by the end , it becomes clear that the patient is the woman in the story and the narrator is her suitor . 	0
but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission . 	0
just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) . 	0
little does he know , he is investigating some of the biggest events of the star wars saga , as he finds out that there is a connection between the assassination attempts and a separtists movement led by a former jedi ( christopher lee ) against the republic . 	0
making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory . 	0
when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus . 	0
those who loved graham yesterday shouldn't count on today . 	0
when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 	0
jim and michelle are getting married , and need to do it quickly because jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see jim walk down the aisle . 	0
in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own . 	0
on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk . 	0
these four will collide in a titanic battle to determine the fate of the world . 	0
as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 	0
during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars . 	0
a comedic short about a man flying through mexico who despite not speaking the language meets a pretty girl only to juggle his attention between her and the world's worst case of 'montezuma's revenge' . 	0
however after his son is witness to a killing he has done mike sullivan finds him self on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him . 	0
their assignment : using equal parts skill and humor , catch arnold gundars , one of the world's most successful illegal arms dealers , and foil his treacherous plans for the plane . 	0
it never hurts to have the aid of a mind-reading squirrel - too bad adam doesn't know any ! 	0
he supports her completely , particularly as she begins to paint again . 	0
however when sex and greed rear-up between the good crims and the bad cops , the consequences are both bizarre and fatal . 	0
does the new all-girl group desert have anything to do with it ? 	0
and could going through with it destroy their marriages and friendships ? 	0
chotte wants to be medium , while medium wants to be bade and bade has nowhere to go except to hold on . 	0
kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights . 	0
set against the majestic landscape of canada's bay of fundy and the highest tides in the world , black swan is a dark comedy that weaves the innocent world of childhood , against the adult world of love , betrayal and murder . 	0
the war of the ring has now begun . . . 	0
awaking , he meets manny , a mammoth who travels to the north , and decides to follow him . 	0
his new worldliness and ideas go over well with impoverished siblings madonna and silver brassaurd and the hopelessly na&#239 ; ve carrie . 	0
unaware of the events to come , they quickly discovered that dabbling with the element of time may have dire consequences . 	0
they also talk about their professional and personal experiences , and describe the places they visit . 	0
set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down . 	0
during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 	0
unaware that they're transporting a cache' of money , along with jimmy hoffa's finger ( street valued at $25 mil ) , they find themselves thwarting pursuers as they manipulate their way out west . 	0
when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 	0
he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents . 	0
we see the action of the book as we see kaufman struggle to adapt it into a movie . 	0
arrested and imprisoned in a juvenile detention facility , leland comes in contact with an aspiring writer and prison teacher , pearl madison ( cheadle ) . 	0
they quickly realize that the answer to their problems and the key to their happiness do not lie in achieving a perfect score . 	0
things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending . 	0
the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 	0
nobody chooses to come here , this where they end up . 	0
her stalker looks threatening but his manner seems to suggest that he is just a confused social outcast , trapped in an obsessive , repetitive rut that revolves around anna . 	0
however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films . 	0
it would seem that nothing is capable of distracting scotty johns from working on his much-anticipated second book . 	0
they spend their afternoons discussing theater and lucy's role as antigone in a school loneliness of the city more bearable . 	0
the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future . 	0
now he is out , to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family , or at least avenge the damage done . 	0
in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 	0
with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 	0
frodo and sam take gollum prisoner and continue on to mordor on the mission to destroy the one ring . 	0
in the heat of the moment dante blames lucy saying , " you never wanted this baby . 	0
the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods . 	0
the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 	0
but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 	0
larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam . 	0
george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer . 	0
when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems . 	0
she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks . 	0
but unfortunately , karl lubeck has seen better days . 	0
after a decade of hidden feelings , divorces and failed relationships , they both finally reveal their true feelings for one another - to find out they both are in love with the other . 	0
new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream . 	0
but if these are just tricks of the mind , how do these encounters leave georgia with physical manifestations ? 	0
she struggles as a barmaid with occasional singing acts in a dubious bar in chicago . 	0
after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 	0
he's not happy just to run this fratricidal con , he also wants to cash in as much as he can of one hundred kilos of crystal meth that he stole from the rojas ( and the mexicans ) , seduce the girlfriend of one of his victims , and stay ahead of a cop who was a childhood friend . 	0
can those memories be strong enough to make them find their own ways , back in each others arms again ? 	0
the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 	0
the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford . 	0
on returning to england , george heads north where he's heard the land is good and the population sparse and of a kindly king named edgaar . 	0
the story is risen out of the conflicts between the white anglo-saxon " natives " and the irish immigrants coming into the five points . 	0
the characters struggle to find love in a world that no longer needs sex to reproduce , a world that is changing and is populated with people who use provisional identities and are seen through virtual selves and a world where love is the only thing that makes things real . 	0
his determination is turned to desperation by a personal tragedy that now drives him to want to change the past . 	0
diana seeks to escape the wasteland of lies she can't stop telling . 	0
they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions . 	0
lilo is a 5 year old hawaiian girl who's quite peculiar : she has an off beat take on life and is a little obsessed about taking care of downtrodden animals . 	0
the documentary will combine an interview with mr . mcnamara discussing some of the tragedies and glories of the 20th century , archival footage , documents , and an original score by philip glass . 	0
during an undercover drug buy mitch was working that trey botched by calling in for backup and drawing media attention , mitch's partner is shot with a very exotic 12-gauge automatic weapon ; mitch then shoots the video camera out of the hands of a reporter filming the action when the cameraman refused to shut it down . 	0
after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes . 	0
though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor . 	0
sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up . 	0
 " notebook " follows a young couple ( mcadams and gosling ) who meet in their teens and are reunited after world war ii . 	0
hot on the trail of the principle villains , bond travels to iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in korea where it all started . . . 	0
later he is catering at a party featuring a wise old guru , who gets drunk and passes out . 	0
the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years . 	0
ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st . 	0
picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth . 	0
through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads . 	0
highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 	0
in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time . 	0
when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . " 	0
green card fever is the story of a young man in the united states who overstays his visa in the pursuit of a " green card " . 	0
in a botched attempt to organize a protest against their " slave labor " , the women take over the prison - a rare glimpse of the effects of the prison industrial complex on female inmates . 	0
dr . david gale , an advocate of eliminating the death penalty , is falsely accused of rape and murder . 	0
with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 	0
toledo awaits on the street for the exit of ana's lover ( gustavo garz&#243 ; n ) and begins a one-of-a-kind persecution-investigation that will last the whole night , to find out , before confronting him , who is that man and where did he meet ana . 	0
as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not . 	0
and he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother , who's on the run from local drug dealers . 	0
he meets up with the country bears , a long-since broken-up band , a parody of bands like the eagles . 	0
he has been hired by an american known only as " wall street " ( see rule two ) to make a delivery , but when frank stops along route , he notices his " package " is moving . 	0
adopting the name " spider-man " , peter first uses his newfound powers to make money , but after his uncle is murdered at the hands of a criminal peter failed to stop , he swears to use his powers to fight the evil that killed his uncle . 	0
henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her . 	0
a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents . 	0
jude law co stars as a hit man hired to kill sullivan . 	0
a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik . 	0
told as if reading the pages of a diary , along with a stunning visual style , quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity . 	0
discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 	0
the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases . 	0
two multinational corporations opt for trial by combat , to swiftly and inexpensively settle their differences . 	0
as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change . 	0
he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 	0
she hires karl to find her missing sister and karl soon finds himself drawn into a world of half-truths and lies as his simple missing-person case develops into a murder case that quickly becomes international in scope . 	0
because of his horribly unforgivable sins , freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is stuck in hell eternally . 	0
will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold . 	0
at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 	0
steven merritt , a research obsessed writer is mistaken for being gay by rebecca , a young veterinarian assistant . 	0
her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital . 	0
katie is a young girl who loves to climb . 	0
patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family . 	0
after the great success of the ring hollywood decided to take another swing at bringing another japanese film to the rest of us . 	0
during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 	0
today the mighty trident ssbns form a deterrent shield for the united states . 	0
but idle curiosity leads to a dark secret when rebecca and john cam with vera madeline , an online psychic , who initiates a deadly reign of terror over their lives . 	0
he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 	0
these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 	0
spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars . 	0
after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan . 	0
their only solid lead seems to be joanne , a young prostitute , whose own baby provides a link . 	0
based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him . 	0
the homespun musician couldn't have done it without the support of his family , friends , lovers and the neighborhood kids he called 'starchildren' , all of whom paint the big picture of bruce's life legacy and 'dimension of imagination' . 	0
two brothers , leon and bobby are members of the street gang in brooklyn known as the deuces . 	0
unaware she is the object of his affection , frankie is in for a big surprise when she shows up after work with mervin ( keith david ) on her arm . 	0
that is the question that plagues steve richards ( john stamos ) and eric meyer ( daniel london ) in the comedy " grownups . " 	0
in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach . 	0
every member of the pecking order sees the dupe as the new low man on the totem pole , and as a result , the perfect tool to boost themselves towards the top of this dysfunctional hierarchy . 	0
at night he is daredevil , a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city , a relentless avenger of justice . 	0
it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 	0
all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 	0
but on his latest case , the stakes are higher for vincent--the suspect he's investigating is his own son . 	0
what steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret us satellite beacon , and the poachers are actually american special agents sent to retrieve it . 	0
david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig . 	0
ruby acts out these scenes in real life with the men and shares her spoils with her sisters . 	0
a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents . 	0
in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm . 	0
but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes . 	0
the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 	0
sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to " fellow " dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . 	0
watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson . 	0
japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year . 	0
just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal . 	0
anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 	0
henry romero discovers , samantha already knows ( firsthand ) of the evils young men do . 	0
in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine . 	0
faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . 	0
when his father , who owns a bodega in the heights , is shot in a burglary attempt , carlos is forced to put his dream on hold and run the store . 	0
katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent . 	0
when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 	0
edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child . 	0
the story of ray , a personal injury attorney facing a moral and spiritual crisis . 	0
aftermath asks the question , " what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a bank robber ? " 	0
based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india . 	0
willy , on impulse , takes her captive and murders her . 	0
suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 	0
an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country . 	0
the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york . 	0
and suddenly , she spots her beloved , wandering over sand dunes and brings the exhausted patricia to his oasis called 'shangri-la' . . . 	0
she hits her head badly , and dies in the hospital a little later . 	0
at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder . 	0
on the day of the trial someone intends to blow up the courthouse and kill harper in the process . 	0
when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch . 	0
he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 	0
but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend . 	0
the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship . 	0
in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin . 	0
the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' . 	0
the result of a weekend affair he had back at the height of his fame produced olivia , a newpaper delivery girl for the south wales echo . 	0
each spring in the little port town of beaufort , north carolina , landon carter remembers his senior year at beaufort high and jamie sullivan , the girl who changed his life . 	0
the search takes the family to strife-torn sri lanka , where amudha comes face-to-face with reality , and reconciles herself to it . 	0
this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 	0
by providing a dynamic expression of the struggles and celebrations of the expatriate lifestyle , leela has the potential to be a crossover film - popular among expatriate south asians and mainstream english speaking audiences the world over . 	0
meanwhile , dre is growing increasingly restless with his company's focus on profit over artistry , which leads to signing the gimmicky duo ren and ten while ignoring the talented chris . 	0
on the way there , he sees a sports car that just hit a tree . 	0
playwright siddalee walker , on the verge of opening a new play , gives a magazine interview in which she discusses her unhappy childhood . 	0
she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe . 	0
its purpose is to use the precog ( nitive ) potential of three genetically altered humans to prevent murders . 	0
fearing that bobby is drifting away from him , nicholas takes a chance and kisses him . 	0
in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus . 	0
off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society . 	0
lightbulbs , fire , barbed wire , mousetraps , staple guns , thumbtacks and glass are weapons of choice in the backyard . 	0
his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the " normal " one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . 	0
stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 	0
charlie decides it's time to take action to recover his lost love : he secretly befriends her new boyfriend and attempts to sabotage their relationship by introducing temptation , mistrust - and jennifer . . . 	0
while playing , young t&#252 ; rlich falls unconscious onto a duck nest and is carried away forever by the small river . 	0
this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight . 	0
at the same time , gwen who writes for the college paper , is tasked with doing a story on him , but van is too busy partying to do that . 	0
scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 	0
at first , it seems like a great place to hideout but soon they find themselves smack dab in the center of a family that gives a whole new definition to the word crazy and makes them think that maybe they'd be better off with the mob . 	0
based on nicole valery-grossu's european best seller autobiographic novel " bless you , prison " , the film is a true story , with real events and characters . 	0
mi yun and kang have difficulty working with each other , as their personalities and working methods are constantly in conflict . 	0
'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 	0
firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini . 	0
but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for . 	0
but the record industry has passed them by^&#197 ; so has the general public whose musical tastes are continually changing . 	0
hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire . 	0
m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis . 	0
after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 	0
dennis , nicknamed " spider " by his mother has been institutionalized with acute schizophrenia for some 20 years . 	0
his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out . 	0
forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress . 	0
now , years later matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend dawn . 	0
when he is told that he is being considered for the position of anchorman , he goes out to do a live feed but when it is announced that evan baxter was going to be the new anchorman , and he freaks out . 	0
victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 	0
his half-sister's threats to pay back the enormous debts with the mafia has put a lot of pressure at his marriage . 	0
brian knows that tonight the evil has finally come to claim him . 	0
a mobster's wife is forced to confront her dark side when her young child is kidnapped and held for ransom . 	0
a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada . 	0
hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store . 	0
stands paralyzed , and she is only saved by the intervention of the experienced climber , lasse . 	0
undercover fbi agent and former marine frank castle ( jane ) is devastated when his wife and children are killed when they accidentally witness a mafia hit , and with nothing left to lose , decides to dedicate himself fully to the eradication of crime ( organized and otherwise ) from america , as an army , assassin , judge and jury all rolled up into one man ( and a whole lot of guns ) : the punisher . 	0
a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties . 	0
numerobis calls upon an old friend to help him out : the fabulous druid panoramix ( miraculix in other language versions ) from gallia , who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength . 	0
adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island . 	0
have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 	0
prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 	0
as she learns more about her ex's infidelity , she wonders if bogdan's lifestyle may be preferable to the manipulative starkness of her ex that ultimately lead to his murder . 	0
like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt . 	0
each of the principals has a radically different way of dealing with it . 	0
the fact that he owns the gun of a popular man , who got killed , from that town makes him prime suspect . 	0
beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her . 	0
conveniently numbed and estranged from her surroundings , lillian sleepwalks through life . 	0
the phantom , feeling betrayed , kidnaps christine and brings her to his lair where he plans to make her his eternal bride . 	0
at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation . 	0
seducing ben is only beginning ; she becomes his biggest " fan " and most unexpected nightmare , as her obsessions quickly spiral out of control into betrayal , madness and , ultimately , murder . 	0
pitted against steroid-taking competitors and the biggest sports-nutrition company in the world , he is up against odds and enemies who want to destroy him . 	0
nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing . 	0
she went on to be in brazil's first-ever fashion parade/show . 	0
the story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico city , and their characters risk everything just to save their love . 	0
the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 	0
the murdered psychiatrist's former boyfriend quickly becomes the prime suspect , a fanatical character named choi . 	0
while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend . 	0
her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) . 	0
while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 	0
dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games . 	0
elisabeth m&#225 ; rton's film relates , restages and remembers the tragic story of spielrein's life as gleaned from a box of her papers discovered in 1977 in the cellar of geneva's former institute of psychology . 	0
his songs were once well thought of , but the music business clearly has changed . 	0
but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 	0
lucy is a theater student at the city university . 	0
but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life . 	0
 " funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love . 	0
but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance . 	0
when the ultra-strict sister assumpta seizes their artwork one day , the boys embark upon an obsessed trail of revenge that ultimately changes their lives . 	0
the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers . 	0
a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 	0
a young professional discovers the difficulty of leaving the corporate nest . 	0
the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties . 	0
klein ischgl actually turns out to be a stone-age-like townlet ( 9 inhabitants ) up the mountain , and t&#252 ; rlichs grandfather , who runs the place , even resists to electricity and indoor plumbing . 	0
the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context . 	0
as they try to keep one step ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , someone who is watching them all . 	0
while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes . 	0
in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen . 	0
set 10 years after the events in " the phantom menace " . 	0
the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous . 	0
everyone is sick with start-up fever ; dreaming of the power and freedom of starting their own internet company . 	0
then the unthinkable happens : a nuclear bomb explodes in a u . s . city , and america is quick to blame the russians . 	0
one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him . 	0
during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning for the perfect moment to make his kill , he becomes infatuated with her beauty and pure innocence . 	0
little do they know that these pirates are cursed . 	0
reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace . 	0
context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island . 	0
the following morning , cadmus discovers the terrible aftermath : the still-raving agave dancing through the woods , her dead son's head clutched in her hands . 	0
and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 	0
enough to ensure adrien's family's future and to give werner one last opportunity to face death head on . . . 	0
grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians . 	0
what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ? 	0
detective kang goes about his new job buoyantly and enthusiastically . 	0
but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion . 	0
as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 	0
yan tells lynn he loves her and wants to marry her . 	0
the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing . 	0
when she was a little child she was given up for adoption and now she is ready to discover the story of her life . 	0
he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 	0
the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away . 	0
cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity . 	0
charlie is heartbroken when his girlfriend of three years , mallory , breaks up with him . 	0
nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand . 	0
but hamilton high is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery . 	0
after confidential ( and shameful ) information was released by british authorities , this amazing story of survival was finally confirmed . 	0
haris embarks on a journey through the world of afghan-americans to learn more about their culture , and there he finds both humor and tragedy . 	0
in this condition , she meets lukas , a gentle , but at the same time , strong-willed and good-looking young man . 	0
mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast . 	0
when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes a local bowling club and prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club , in what turns into an epic battle where young meets old , greed meets good and people rise to the occasion in extraordinary circumstances . 	0
his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . 	0
documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck . 	0
one day there is an ordinary row in the local saloon , but one of the trouble makers , called prosit , shows up to be baron werner amadeus von luckner . 	0
nicholas , his sister and mother venture to london to seek help from their uncle ralph , but ralph's only intentions are to separate the family and exploit them . 	0
nicholas is immediately drawn to this gruesome bobby , and begins to secretly take care of the creature . 	0
the dea finally convinces the chinese military that robert may be of more help to them outside jail by leading them to the real smugglers . 	0
nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets . 	0
penny's love for her partner , taxi-driver phil , has run dry . 	0
james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency . 	0
as a woman who can let go of her need to be in control . 	0
bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 	0
the journey takes them from the inner city to a satanic black mass ceremony , and into the depths of their own souls , as they search for johann christoph haizmann , the antichrist . 	0
in the meantime , the british forces , back at the encampment , march off to meet the american forces for a grand battle , which will rage for hours . 	0
at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 	0
in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 	0
their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales . 	0
on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love . 	0
carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) . 	0
moving cross country isn't even a problem for her . 	0
the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan . 	0
'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! ' 	0
jack valento has the goods on the da and casts a mean shadow over his hand-picked micro-community of indentured employees . 	0
she's a troubled young woman who takes off on a journey with a hitchhiker after a strange , fateful encounter on a new york street . 	0
bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison . 	0
he deciphers their ancient coded tong tattoos which leads him to their don , wong dai- the emperor ; the man who controls an empire of crime and corruption across many borders . 	0
he has no idea how he has journeyed the 400 miles in less than two hours . 	0
a young man named owen , who can't get over his would-be fiancee and now ex-girlfriend , chloe , who moved to los angeles to become a tv star , finally falls in love with nadine , the girl who would've been their maid of honor . 	0
in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 	0
after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 	0
when she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi , she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair . 	0
the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become . 	0
they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers . 	0
high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman . 	0
no dogs is a cool metaphor with a twist . 	0
soon after , his wife passes away and he must come to terms with his daughter's marriage to a man he does not care for and the failure that his life has become . 	0
with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ? 	0
but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry . 	0
set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair . 	0
slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 	0
after an attempt is made on his life by unknown gunmen , whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had , he learns that all of his dreams of a past life are real and that for the past three years he was raised by the couple after finding him in a river , half-dead with five bullet wounds in him . 	0
when the day finally comes , johnny breaks from joe , which leads to only one thing - violence . 	0
desert rose is an erotic thriller that takes you through one man's life experience . 	0
el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 	0
then the next day he finds out that the previous night his mother actually died in a car crash . 	0
he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson . 	0
but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 	0
the story of ned kelly , who formed the notorious kelly gang with his brother dan and two other men . 	0
plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him . 	0
when lapd computer expert peter fowler investigates the killing of an old man in chinatown , he finds the only witness is his dog , cho cho . 	0
it's a sci-fi , time travel , action adventure , comedy , drama mystery all rolled into one as mark twain on the way home from one of his last speaking tours in 1906 , is jostled on a train by 2 men , one in pursuit of the other , twain picks up a newspaper that one of them drops and the headline reads " manned mars mission . . . . 	0
 " sumo east and west " is a feature documentary about americans in the ancient japanese sport of sumo wrestling . 	0
the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia . 	0
the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . . 	0
she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 	0
a chained to a rock finnish sniper-kamikadze wille managed to set himself free . 	0
a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry . 	0
 " the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " . 	0
benito--for years a fixture in the church as well as the community--welcomes father amaro into a new life of unseen challenges . 	0
black picket fence is director's sergio goes' poignant portrait of the bleak realities of life in the public housing projects of brooklyn's east new york , one of the inner city's most dangerous and violent neighborhoods . 	0
the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 	0
the subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing the fact that to live together in one and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed . 	0
a girl at a southern baptist high school finds that her pregnancy makes her an outcast . 	0
as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex . 	0
rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna . 	0
john takes off , his trust in the system diminishing rapidly . 	0
when crystal's infidelities become overwhelming , kali kicks her out . 	0
based on an acclaimed 1935 novel about the war of liberation ( 1918-1920 ) that ensured estonia's independence , the film tells about a group of young schoolboys heading to the front to fight the army of soviet russia . 	0
combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers . 	0
when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users . 	0
michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan . 	0
now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography . 	0
a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 . 	0
the son of zamindar narayan mukherjee , devdas ( shahrukh khan ) was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . 	0
he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 	0
he is going to sweden , and invites lilja to come along and start a new life . 	0
le d&#233 ; fi is a musical comedy , inspired by the great american tradition and set in today's world of france's hip hop movement . 	0
she is the supply teacher of the 6d , the worst group of st-c&#233 ; cile elementary school . 	0
as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them . 	0
on the very day lizzy finds out she's pregnant , she also finds herself the unwitting subject of a twisted television expos&#233 ; perpetrated by the new world standard of unethical journalism : hardcore action news . 	0
provided with a blurry picture of william the media turns his ministry into a human interest story that spans the country in a massive media hunt for this " miracle man " . 	0
the experiment is supposed to be transported to a prison asteroid , yet manages to escape captain gantu , who was supposed to deliver him there . 	0
they lie in bed but all his advances are instantly rejected by a progressively more nervous ana . 	0
little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 	0
ling min becomes the manager of haier factory when the factory is almost bankrupted . 	0
we follow the wacky exploits of the town's inhabitants from sassy saloon girls and amazonian behemoth parrots to hypnotist dentists and 400-pound tooth fairies . 	0
reluctantly , busy katherine allows patricia to audition and , at once , recognizes her incredible talent . 	0
five men and women race against time ( and sometimes their own knack for self-sabotage ) to save the consummate southern , rowdy group house from the academic upper crust and a vindictive sorority . 	0
packed with spectacular special effects and martial arts action , the monk , kar , and a sexy russian mob princess called bad girl must struggle to find , face , and fight the ultimate enemy . 	0
thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 	0
when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened . 	0
in harlem , martin blaze , a writer for vibe , thinks he's a loser since his fianc&#233 ; e cheated on him . 	0
determined not to let this opportunity slip by , she vows to act on that information right away . 	0
they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life . 	0
when he dumps her , the whole building turns on him . 	0
he gets fired , beaten up , and so on . 	0
his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role . 	0
sarah , an unfulfilled , calculating wife , takes pleasure in having her voyeuristic lover watch her on video cameras that she has hidden inside the vents of her house . 	0
a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . 	0
ruby falls in love and becomes impregnated by sandy , a xerox shop worker . 	0
the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back . 	0
harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past . 	0
they are five cinderellas in search of prince charming and a new chance in life . 	0
as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . " 	0
a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops . 	0
it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism . 	0
she can't get in there because te door is locked . 	0
angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality . 	0
awash with melancholy and disillusionment , it's a tall task to love hong kong . 	0
matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago . 	0
john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe . 	0
along the way , ash continues to mature into the unstoppable pok&#233 ; mon trainer he will become in the future . 	0
a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration . 	0
the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on . 	0
this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 	0
he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy . 	0
with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent . 	0
the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press . 	0
however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out ! 	0
when billy becomes suspicious , all hell breaks loose . 	0
the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 	0
the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books . 	0
for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . . 	0
one day , lilja falls in love with andrej . 	0
he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket . 	0
until one night max had a dream , where he dreamt that his mother died in a car crash . 	0
joe enders , a decorated marine who is by-the-book to a fault , is just coming back on duty ( by cheating on his medical tests ) . 	0
but everyone's plans don't go according to schedule . . . 	0
besides being performers , they are also political activists - in aids awareness , anti-gay violence , the sex workers movement and the struggle against the extreme right and racism . 	0
as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 	0
however when he finds it's in a porno with actress sharonna he can't go through with it despite her good advice on how to do it . 	0
susie resorts to these to become the most beautiful woman in the world . 	0
they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out . 	0
in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage . 	0
dr . singh ( amitabh bachchan ) a senior doctor raise funds to fulfil his dream of having a state-of-the-art hospital . 	0
their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 	0
the hunky pizza guy , the mad scotsman and a parade of firemen all become invited guests - men almost out numbering the women . 	0
it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush . 	0
the unrelenting wind of the season disrupts a landscape of inaction , theft and drug use . 	0
singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . . 	0
all the suicide attempts comically bump up against the demandes of each family membre . 	0
matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character . 	0
ben rubin , a young israeli internist vying for the position of surgeon , learns that his internship has been terminated and he has been chosen to accompany abraham lazar , the hospital administrator and his wife , dori on a trip to india . 	0
it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late . 	0
a wedding with stifler orchestrating the correlating social event . . . 	0
when her husband's younger brother turns twenty-one and is released from juvenile prison , where he served five years for murder , renee's cozy life begins to change . 	0
enter sonia kapoor , the daughter of the 10th richest man in the world . 	0
the film explores the cultural differences between a north american mother and a mexican father in the face of death . 	0
however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her ! 	0
into their midst come a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way quinn's never seen done . 	0
the director films a story of an immigrant actor who struggles with his religious and sexual identity in the new land . 	0
three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 	0
a friendship without a future is the only friendship possible for these two men . 	0
the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 	0
sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 	0
his big brother george has also made a new friend , will , so stuart is feeing lonely . 	0
the bikers tell everyone in the store that if any one tells who committed the crime , the gang will take revenge on them and their families . 	0
eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family . 	0
to confirm his worst fears , thomas sprints outside and discovers that it is not just a terrible dream - his vision may never be the same . 	0
nete's father moves in and puts even more strain on nete's family and everyday life . 	0
confronted with the reality that jazz has limited commercial appeal , the story focuses on the band's battles with the music industry and one another to find respect and recognition without 'selling out' . 	0
a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 	0
she doesn't want christina to suffer as she has , so sam goes to the edge to try to save the life of this lost girl - whether she wants to be saved or not . 	0
she works at a pet clinic and lives alone with her only " true friend " ; a doll her mother gave her when she was a little girl . 	0
after chance brings them together they create , 'searching for mr right . com , " a web site to locate husbands for marie and liz . 	0
but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 	0
while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love . 	0
biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 	0
a three part documentary series that explores a unique rehabilitation program for repeat offenders and gang members . 	0
the main theme of this feature- 90 minute film , the exploitation of art for political ideology , is expressed by the personal and ideological conflicts between three artists and their mentors . 	0
in their fortuitous encounter , forged by fire , he makes peace with the past and she takes control of her destiny . 	0
it may only be the third date , but tony knows it's time to pop the question and make the beautiful , shy katrina his wife . 	0
danny , who gets paranoid and makes a scene while they watch " der lift " ( a black &#38 ; white german horror movie ) and hallucinates about being the actor in the film ( ricardo mamood ) , has not the courage to face a girl half his age . 	0
he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 	0
julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 	0
in 1931 , in chicago , michael sullivan ( tom hanks ) , a hit man working for john rooney ( paul newman ) , and irish mob boss , faces a dilemma when what he does his witnessed by his twelve-year-old son . 	0
based on the edgar allen poe short story , " the facts in the case of m . valdemar , " comedy revolves around a doctor who convinces a dying man's family to allow him to put the man in a trance as he takes his final breaths . 	0
a young man chasing his dream is hunted by his solitude when he finds he just made the wrong decisions . 	0
the master preaches his self proclaimed spiritual wisdom and eventually selects the most dependable ( i . e . 	0
this roller coaster tale teams a young man , will turner , with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate jack sparrow . 	0
once upon a time , in a tiny french village , little reinalda had dreams of a bright future on the stage - being one half of a singing , dancing musical troupe with her father . 	0
during a climbing trip to kullen in sweden , charlotte is inches from falling to her death . teis 	0
he soon realizes that he is being hunted and takes off with marie on a search to find out who he is and why he is being hunted . 	0
erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist . 	0
but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave . 	0
this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 	0
set from his college student years , to his first victims , his capture , escape from prison ( twice ) , his final killing spree to his trial , conviction and execution . 	0
the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 	0
in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love . 	0
four outlandish but faithful men , a moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet up a mountain , at an altitude of 3000 metres . 	0
scientific ambition turns deadly , however , when the creature escapes and begins savagely stalking its prey - the human race . 	0
living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 	0
but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school . 	0
after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " . 	0
everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for . 	0
besides a few survivors , the only two who know about freddy's plans are teenagers lori ( monica keena ) and will ( jason ritter ) . 	0
behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 	0
as this bizarro weekend unfolds , we see exactly what adam has to do to preserve his sanity and his friendships . 	0
a mafia don ( om puri ) dies and leaves behind such a will which starts an unending war between guru gulab khatri ( akshay kumar ) , don's son-in law and vikrant ( rahul dev ) , don's only son . 	0
a retired american emerald smuggler must go to rio to find and save his daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier , and finish off a smuggling deal with a ruthless child-torturing drug lord . 	0
in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop . 	0
he spends most of his time throwing parties and " fund raisers " . 	0
what begins as a friendly 'extreme' week long camping trip goes from a warm 'big chill' into a chilling 'deliverance' as old wounds unsurface , passions rise and personalities unravel . 	0
unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 	0
fifteen year old taraneh , whose widowed father is in jail , refuses the unwanted attentions of carpet salesman amir - until amir's mother talks taraneh into accepting amir's marriage proposal . 	0
but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 	0
unfortunately , the insurance would not cover his son's transplant . 	0
the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) . 	0
simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 	0
the crew traveled with the band to their homes in obninsk , russia and to their music conservatories in moscow , documenting how these two girls and five boys became so adept at playing american country music . 	0
in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent . 	0
is this challenge too much for even the amazing spider-man to handle ? 	0
a virus has scaped in a secret facility called " the hive " turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 	0
the film " eternally aliens " is a 24 min . 	0
they have one request - their bosses head on a plate . 	0
she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash . 	0
an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man . 	0
oh yes , and there are no rules in the game . 	0
back home , he encounters a place which no longer exists . 	0
the story of j whose goal is to be world master at playing nintendo . 	0
he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip . 	0
he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it . 	0
he'll do anything to make her love him again . 	0
a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) . 	0
rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional . 	0
retired nfl linebacker , " terrible " terry tate enforces the office rules at the felcher and sons' headquarters the only way he knows how : with bone-crushing tackles and hard-core trash-talk . 	0
blueberry is stationed in the little town of palomito as sheriff . 	0
the small daily routines of everyday life are not as clear and obvious as one might think . 	0
cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 	0
lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 	0
the two choose a piano from his possessions , which comes to represent the couple's relationship as he pushes the piano 50 blocks across the city to their home . 	0
his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two . 	0
there are two distince paths in life good vs . evil . 	0
jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters . 	0
raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj . 	0
he talks in her voice at the dinner table and wears her fur coat to bed . 	0
the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind . 	0
an homage to the early 1960s sex comedies that starred rock hudson and doris day . 	0
drank water from a spring that was actually a fountain of youth . 	0
one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends . 	0
convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help . 	0
vesa , a 16-year old bulgarian girl , cannot speak . 	0
but , disaster strikes , when val goes temporarily blind , due to paranoia . 	0
in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 	0
however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset . 	0
levi , is an ex-navy man and an animal rights activist who returns home to find the war at home harder to fight than anything he's ever encountered , but what and who is he fighting for ? 	0
archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border . 	0
he is under the impression that rupi is dead . 	0
the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 	0
watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion . 	0
their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier . 	0
these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 	0
filmmaker rick mckay documents actor/illusionist james beaman's transformation from an attractive young actor to the legendary icon marlene dietrich . 	0
it's not that their lives are not turning out as expected - it's that they're turning out exactly as expected . 	0
the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 	0
they all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named feardotcom . com . 	0
director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman . 	0
as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . . 	0
a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living . 	0
unfortunately for them , sarah's parents send sarah's ex-boyfriend peter prentis ( played by christian kane ) to break up the happy marriage . 	0
they've known each other since they met as children , when both discovered hip-hop for the first time . 	0
it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 	0
based on nick hornby's popular british novel , about a boy is a comedy-drama starring hugh grant as will , a rich , child-free and irresponsible londoner in his thirties who , in search of available women , invents an imaginary son and starts attending single parent meetings . 	0
things get a little awkward when harry suffers a heart attack at the home of marin's mother erica ( keaton ) . 	0
those who love him today risk being heartbroken tomorrow . . . 	0
a frustrated businessman , jeffery goldman ( john pankow ) tries to end his hopeless marriage to wife , ellen ( rebecca pidgeon ) by asking his local rabbi ( eli wallach ) to place a curse on her . 	0
fred , daphne , velma , shaggy and scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other . 	0
there , he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother . 	0
her daughter siri , whom , in this way , she turns into her virtual twin , learns as a child that she is the world's first cloned human being . 	0
especially one girl , isa , has to choose between two boys who are fighting against each other . 	0
especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover . 	0
lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 	0
not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country . 	0
it's a race against the clock as jay must convince kay--who not only has no memory of his time spent with the agency , but is also the only person alive who has the expertise to save the galaxy--to reunite with the mib before earth is destroyed completely . 	0
that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . 	0
there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 	0
everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer . 	0
they are known as masters of the runaway art . 	0
but when his feelings for the decidedly unavailable ricki begin to grow , and he actually becomes concerned for brian , tough guy gigli begins to transform into an actual human being . . . which 	0
evil czar and his no-less-evil sidekick general with the help of the local witch yaga try to eliminate fedot by giving him more and more complex quests and to take marusya to tsar's palace . 	0
shortly hereafter she encounters dieter , a charming young man . 	0
things go from bad to worse for the drummer when it comes to his attention that he is being hunted down for execution as a deserter . 	0
one afternoon they discover the corpse of a young woman floating in the water . 	0
jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 	0
the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance . 	0
during the course of a single day all three will be faced with the difficult choice of choosing which path they will go down in life . 	0
he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 	0
amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist . 	0
two members of a private organization , cupic ( central unidentified phenomenon investigation committee ) and a local psychiatrist investigate , in an effort to solve this mystery . 	0
he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act . 	0
they can not give her an explanation for these dreams . 	0
in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt . 	0
the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest . 	0
before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 	0
and most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died . 	0
he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 	0
disillusioned and with no money the secret knight joins the crusaders and embarks on new adventures . 	0
he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema . 	0
the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 	0
frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 	0
he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar . 	0
docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 	0
except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 	0
bullock stars as lucy kelson , chief counsel for the wade corporation , one of new york city's top commercial real estate developers . 	0
however , she got more than what she bargained for when she realised she could even see ghosts . 	0
failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one . 	0
the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change . 	0
from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent . 	0
14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 	0
the story starts with a bit more in depth on the court house scene which ended the last film . 	0
staked-out in his one-bedroom apartment with his kidnap victim , brian ( justin bartha ) , gigli soon realizes that what he thought would be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task . 	0
she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 	0
when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby . 	0
this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic . 	0
he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 	0
he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school . 	0
a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 	0
but santa's got problems ( he's even mysteriously losing weight ) and things quickly go south when he finds out that his son , charlie , has landed on this year's " naughty " list . 	0
in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan . 	0
this painter's block has lead to a desperate man obsessed with the need to paint , leaving the artist in a state of disarray . 	0
multiple , intersecting planes of experience , often mired in a sordid backstory of the american dream/empire ( featured voices include florida death row inmates , palestinian poets , and novelist kathy acker ) seek to produce new areas of resolution . 	0
this test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic . 	0
the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd . 	0
they renege , but a legitimate kidney becomes available for transplant . 	0
whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a " ghetto " school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . 	0
then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 	0
until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 	0
she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 	0
when he does this , he finds out that freddy is killing th kids of crystal lake in they're dreams ! 	0
rowan plays the eponymous lead character in a spoof spy thriller . 	0
what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 	0
and what's worse , it might be coming back to get her . . . 	0
martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 	0
it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 	0
fay is his total opposite ; her romantic ideal has not yet been attained and is unlikely ever to be due to her impossibly high expectations as a result of living with the perfection that is her parents' rock solid marriage . 	0
when he unexpectedly leaves for a week to go skiing with his wife , lillian is dragged out on the town by her best friend , andrea . 	0
barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 	0
can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ? 	0
now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 	0
for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 	0
'tracks' chronicles their descent with a striking visual portrayal of a boy who made a mistake , paid the consequences and got back on 'track . ' 	0
in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 	0
austrian small time crook johnny pichler meets a dubious 'businessman' at the slovak border to hand over a wad of cash . 	0
it teaches the importance and understanding of life and death . it 	0
with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence . 	0
blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the reaper threat . 	0
it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man . 	0
esha and rahul start a letter based friendship that blossoms into love . 	0
the hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms , while lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras , turning the school's security system against his prey . 	0
fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people . 	0
after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 	0
but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 	0
caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents . 	0
carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega . 	0
based on gail carson levine's award winning novel , this is the story of ella , a young woman who was given a " gift " of obedience by a fairy named lucinda . 	0
as she is questioned after the events by the subtle and manipulative dr . cleave , we learn how she found love only by losing any contact with respectable life and any semblance of propriety . 	0
throughout nearly a decade she experiences forbidden love , religion , near-death experiences , drugs , starvation , and how it feels to be loved . 	0
special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper . 	0
a retired boston pd detective isn't buying the news report of a local girl accidentally drowning . . . 	0
mitchell misses the bus and starts walking to school . 	0
how does one ask his wife to try something that breaks so many taboos ? 	0
no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery . 	0
katie's father's injury comes back to haunt him and he finds himself paralyzed from the neck down . 	0
soon the evil boss learns about sienna's affair with kilabot and kidnaps her to exact revenge . 	0
those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy . 	0
spencer meets paula in a hairsalon where he is getting his hair cut . 	0
they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives . 	0
as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 	0
ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ? 	0
chasm is a black comedy , set in a time when trading body parts has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential rain overpower the land . 	0
she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 	0
during the hunt fedot meets his love marusya - the magical bird-woman . 	0
while accompanying an us senator on his mission in cuba , he makes a botch of so many things , that a minor blunder by the senator turns into a serious incident , which intensifies into a second cuban crisis - thanks to further entanglements by the media , police , and diplomats who represent the arch-enemies usa and cuba . 	0
amanda is faced with making right decisions amidst trying circumstances . 	0
in the near future in the asian city-state sintawan , everyone's identity is recorded in the vast cyberlink . 	0
one year later , in los angeles , the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor . 	0
a sailor ( derek luke ) prone to violent outbursts is sent to a naval psychiatrist ( washington ) for help . 	0
mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity . 	0
not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 	0
in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager . 	0
exhausted and physically drained , they slowly pack up their equipment as the dawn light gradually builds and the emotional impact of the night's events deepens . 	0
from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy . 	0
raja also manages to go to malaysia with them . 	0
money's tight , relationships are tough and all around us , media and advertising constantly bombard us with competing messages . 	0
the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates . 	0
however , as ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless . 	0
the filmmakers expose this delightfully deranged cult by capturing the daily lives of its members . 	0
the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 	0
the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 	0
an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 . 	0
a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child . 	0
after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 	0
it's at this point that he buys a pirate record whose magical powers bring him the success he's longed for . 	0
rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 	0
they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 	0
amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 	0
brad , an art student hoping to win a prestigious fellowship , finds his life and career turned upside down when he falls for a faculty member at his college , lisa ducharme , who just happens to be his girlfriend's thesis adviser . . . 	0
but he's found a way to allow him to escape . 	0
julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . " 	0
it prevents her making physical contact with other people . 	0
in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago . 	0
tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany . 	0
a big time drug dealer victor rosa ( john leguizamo ) is looking to get out of the game and sees his chance with a big deal with a new friend who happens to be a wall st . stockbroker . 	0
taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school . 	0
going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 	0
the two jedi are then sent on two different missions , anakin is sent to naboo with padme and obi-wan is sent to the planet of kamino where he will investigate the assassination attempts . 	0
if you act in an inverse way , you will not have the room for larger stones . 	0
in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal . 	0
colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest . 	0
but one day everything changes when a dog named lucky enters his life . 	0
steve quickly discovers that burt cannot even provide temporary lodging , but an administrator at his new high school directs him to a shelter for runaway kids where he soon learns to navigate his way . 	0
set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 	0
when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them . 	0
short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 	0
many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped . 	0
saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 	0
an alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house . 	0
when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 	0
set in hounslow , west london and hamburg , the film follows two 18 year olds with their hearts set on a future in professional soccer . 	0
this discovery thrusts tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner ( hewitt ) . 	0
the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide . 	0
now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true . 	0
a father meets his lost but still beautiful love of the high school while his daughter wants to become a television star runaways is steve moore's ( austin o'brien ) story . 	0
but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone . 	0
davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 	0
in a world besieged by world war ii , wendy , now grown up , tries to give her own children hope by telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in never land . 	0
as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings . 	0
however , the job his army buddy promised doesn't materialize , and he can't escape his past . 	0
ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 	0
slowly , it changed to love but it was still unsaid . 	0
wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage . 	0
when sang-woo's mother finds work and finally returns for him , sang-woo has become a different boy . 	0
with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , " daddy day care " , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . 	0
three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 	0
tired of his constant fixation on drinking and television , herk's wife anna and daughter jenny decide to find new love interests in divorced dad eliot arnold and his son matt . 	0
a new york city oil company troubleshooter is brought to a remote b . c . 	0
one day a mysterious young man enters her world . 	0
when starla figures out that genevieve deliberately set it up by giving her bad tutoring to fail all those classes , she begins an all-out personal war against genevieve to take back her social life . 	0
a woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of angelo , a major mafia boss , decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman . 	0
a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres . 	0
forced to exist between living and dead , and only revealing their skeleton forms in the moonlight , the pirates intend to use elizabeth's blood and necklace ( a part of their curse ) to return to their normal state . 	0
he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 	0
so when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , he goes a bit mad . 	0
the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first . 	0
for ten years , tobias has worked in a clock factory and in the relentless sound of ticking , he sees life go by without much expectation . 	0
however , the babies turned out to be both women . 	0
biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 	0
the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket . 	0
one of the ring's original bearers , the creature gollum ( andy serkis ) , has tracked frodo and sam down in search of his 'precious' , but is captured by the hobbits and used as a way to lead them to mt . 	0
a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up . 	0
once while beating up one of his foes , he sees komal ( aishwarya rai ) and is so smitten by her beauty that he starts visualizing her wherever he goes and in whatever he does . 	0
woody allen plays val waxman , a film director , who was once big in the 1970's and 1980's , but has now has been reduced to directing tv commercials . 	0
an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend . 	0
mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard . 	0
people often will blame the world for keeping them from being able to live their dreams . 	0
ever since her new neighbor , mr . mackenheim , the former ruler of a distant alien planet , moved in , all the cats in the neighborhood have been disappearing . 	0
as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control . 	0
this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin . 	0
in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 	0
meet the razor eaters : five motivated , pissed-off young men who've launched an anarchistic crime spree against melbourne , capturing all their deeds on home video . 	0
tragedy strikes , and eve learns her childhood friend arman is killed in armenia , transforming her dreams to nightmares . 	0
after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history . 	0
although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 	0
he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 	0
a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 . 	0
when his affair with a young troubled janitor ( kidman ) is uncovered , the secret silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife , his children and colleague , writer nathan zuckerman , fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences . 	0
unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart . 	0
as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 	0
he follows a new suspect , huh , and eventually catches him in the act of brutally murdering a woman in a crowded techno bar . 	0
lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city . 	0
together with his men , mcnamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission , ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country . 	0
the two play a high-stakes game of pool which ends in a huge debt owed to joe and soon johnny finds that his brother is in jail for trying to steal the money he owes . 	0
they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law . 	0
but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all . 	0
in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken . 	0
now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils . 	0
ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 	0
meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan . 	0
joe is beaten up by some of johnny's buddies as a sign to leave him alone , and with this final act of freedom , johnny leaves the world of pool-sharking . 	0
after school on saturday afternoon , a teacher asks her 6th grade students , budi and rosi , to take charge of raising the flag for next monday's ceremony . 	0
a boy's introduction to acts of abuse , killing and suicide all take place inside an abandoned playground . 	0
on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 	0
the plot involves an innocent poor boy , who is a happy go lucky , always trying to live a stylish life . 	0
johnathan accepts and learns the ropes of rollerball : the players are on rollerblades , trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal . 	0
but when hong's investigation starts to point to nunn , nunn becomes worried and decides to hire angel . com for another hit ^&#214 ; only so he can double-cross them , wipe them out and prevent them from leading the police back to him . 	0
he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise . 	0
tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 	0
the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) . 	0
for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 	0
eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . 	0
although a sympathetic judge assures desmond that when his financial situation reverses , he will be able to get his children back ; money is hard to come by . 	0
the zany search for the shoes begins , as she follows the footsteps through the lively streets of havana , running into the quirky , colorful characters that bring viva zapato and dolore's dream . 	0
the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 	0
harry , it turns out , is a parsel-tongue . 	0
a young want-to-be actress ( justine lichtman ) is attracted to her boy friend's ( james bowman ) friend ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( jordan cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he is gay . 	0
she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment . 	0
joanna , a young wife and mother , moves from manhattan to the upper-class suburb of stepford , connecticut . 	0
against their better judgment , dara and noble agree to deliver the body to duluth and hope that will be the end of it . 	0
jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie . 	0
life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 	0
soon jonah embarks on an adventure that leads him into the belly of a whale , and to the heart of nineveh for a hilarious showdown . 	0
together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . " 	0
her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 	0
many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight . 	0
the one obstacle he isn't expecting is the screenwriter's assistant , screenwriter 4 . 0's animated helper who's annoyed bob left her to sit around so long . 	0
but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 	0
can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ? 	0
only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 	0
together they find out , much to their horror , that all the housewives are strangely blissful , and somehow . . . 	0
after he's dumped on valentine's day by mallory , his girlfriend of three years , charlie finds himself obsessed and unable to live a normal life without her . 	0
ricky is an ex-con with two strikes against him and is desperately trying to stay straight . 	0
after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 	0
and in the dogs , she finds lost pieces of herself as she fumbles with the leash to her own life - struggling to hold on as it pulls her toward a brighter future before her past catches up with her . 	0
he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha . 	0
when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 	0
and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ? 	0
isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 	0
he's survived only by holding onto his dream of revenge against matty , the man he believes betrayed him . 	0
both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 	0
three stories delicately intertwined by the beauty of sadness . 	0
a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday . 	0
seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right . 	0
on the surface , their exchanges are trivial and stilted . 	0
tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 	0
max and his men torture jose and threaten to kill him if he doesn't turn it over . 	0
crazy jones is the story of finnigan jones , a depressed , semi-suicidal leaf-blower with tourette's syndrome ( t . s . ) . 	0
he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project . 	0
in the meantime , she has had a little love affair with a young man from the village , found a girlfriend from her childhood days , swum in the sea , and found a way to live in peace with her melancholic memories . 	0
arcangel and his son travel to hometown , the familiy house looks abandoned , only isabel , a misterious old woman , is there . 	0
when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds . 	0
he has no life ( lives at home with his mother ) and no reason to live . 	0
his only-way-out is to create for himself a new identity franklin mann one without the doubt , pain or guilt . 	0
for once the kids don't let sam down - and they're not likely to forget the lessons they've learned . 	0
but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world . 	0
cathy , a young and innocent freshman , had a crush on senior hunk , nick , the campus' basketball star . 	0
behind in rent , losing any real day jobs they have , they plan a bank robbery . 	0
philippa is arrested and questioned about her ( supposedly terroristic ) motives . 	0
the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom . 	0
the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all . 	0
paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart . 	0
two women , one spoiled and clinging , the other unawakened but formidable . 	0
it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood . 	0
after his wife is murdered , karl loses his fire and disappears into underground munich . 	0
her lover , a psychiatrist twice her age , becomes twisted in sarah's sordid plot to kill her husband for his large inheritance . 	0
nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons . 	0
their one song rarely - if ever - gets played on the radio . 	0
eventually , he builds a successful career as a us attorney . 	0
however , the enemy terrorists learn of his secret identity and kidnap his girlfriend/fiancee ( gabriel macht ) . 	0
when the three precogs , who only work together , floating connected in a tank of fluid , have a vision , the names of the victim and the perpetrator as well as video imagery of the crime and the exact time it will happen , are given out to the special cops who then try to prevent the crime from happening . 	0
at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up . 	0
ralph's the kind of guy the nerds stole lunch money from . 	0
after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 	0
by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 	0
it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 	0
while t&#252 ; rlich rediscovers his roots ( and his affection for heidi ) , josch finds out that evil entrepreneur tronald dump plans to blow the mountain to smithereens in order to erect a plastic mountain with a ski resort where you never can get hurt . 	0
alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics . 	0
they persevere and in the end a startling surprise bubbles to the surface that changes everything . 	0
for him semana santa is a time to kill . 	0
stan lee discusses the origins of the industry ; neil gaiman and john byrne speak on superheroes as modern mythology ; frank miller and bill sienkewicz discuss the relationship of politics and comics ; peter david tells the story of the meanest thing he has ever done to a fan ; and much more . 	0
isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 	0
the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 	0
unfortunately , the evil tall man ( angus scrimm ) controls that area . 	0
it helps in establishing connections , for instance between the strangely german kulturfilm and the film avant-garde of la sarraz . 	0
with fate closing in and time running out , the pressure mounts on greg to change , the only question is will it be too late ? 	0
clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency . 	0
imprisoned and depressed pete's letter gives eagle rekindled spirit . 	0
he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 	0
this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 . 	0
moving to the big city , deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie . 	0
hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima . 	0
the teen liar then has to match wits with wolf , who also turns out to be a big liar . 	0
but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life . 	0
watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 	0
the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness . 	0
mary is an 18-year-old high school senior , and joe , her fianc&#233 ; , is 23 , working hard to get techweb established as an internet consulting firm . 	0
people were fleeing away from the air raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and villages . 	0
chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas . 	0
alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 	0
but it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case . 	0
and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . . 	0
seeing no help forthcoming from the sheriff , she turns to the only other person who can help her , jack barone , a grieving father whose daughter , lisa , was the victim of a similar slaying ten years prior . 	0
to escape their troubles and find women , they book a trip on board a cruise-liner , unaware the travel agent has just played a horrid trick on them in retaliation for nick offending his secret gay lover . 	0
while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan . 	0
this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as 	0
beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood . 	0
schmitz takes off for new orleans with stephens , promising him a chance to meet his teen idol , all the while taking film of stephens' cross-country exploits and pawning them off as footage of the real deal . 	0
dori is 50 years old , actually the exact age of ben's mother . 	0
fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 	0
this is the final straw for roxie , and her constant anger at rejection explodes . 	0
it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california . 	0
the first crusade to free the holy land has ended . 	0
with edgaar's faithful servant , elmendorf , george sets out . 	0
through intimate conversations with top japanese artists , scholars and devotees from all cultures and walks of life , we reveal the multi-faceted appeal of the anime world . 	0
meanwhile , a clothing store employee ( rachel leigh cook ) has plans for revenge against a local millionaire ( john cleese ) . 	0
an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 	0
as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 	0
then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . . 	0
a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university . 	0
she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 	0
pronounced cured , she became a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was practising alongside the founding fathers . 	0
munnabhai starts wooing komal but she is in love with raja ( ajay devgan ) , a local vagabond doing nothing except working in a bowling alley as a bouncer . 	0
but god knows of this evil and sends a protector , an unlikely angel to watch over her . 	0
his mother wants a normal life for herself and finnigan . 	0
with the help of an angry young filmmaker , a russian sound recordist hoping to break into the local film industry , and a seven-foot tall tow truck driver from quebec , he embarks on a comical investigation into . . . 	0
in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 	0
when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight . 	0
so , in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a " good , strong , responsible " woman . 	0
spellbound by the rich and mysterious world manuela has shown him , his idyll is shattered when the reality of why he's there comes crashing down around him . 	0
when the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter ( walken ) who imposes himself into the situation , tim's life careens wildly out of control . . . 	0
ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 	0
mysteriously , she can see her wise , grandfather-like angel . 	0
when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death . 	0
salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret . 	0
a handsome and talented college student , david morales , is devastated when a bum knee causes him to lose his scholarship to the university of san diego . 	0
this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child . 	0
god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself . 	0
when detective ben simm's wife is killed , he has to learn to be both father and mother to his little girl while searching for a vigilante that has his own sense of justice . 	0
they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run . 	0
in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure . 	0
to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma . 	0
his loyal assistant is killed and he is framed with the evidence at the chinese border by the chinese military and u . s . drug enforcement agency . 	0
the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl . 	0
series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac . 	0
when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds . 	0
anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 	0
in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change . 	0
he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california . 	0
throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge . 	0
along the way , the filmmakers try to learn from these relationship veterans , while navigating their own fledgling polyamorous relationships . 	0
his dream had vanished , so he went home and got a job at his fathers gas station in virgil grove , population 28 . 	0
suddenly , fields realizes that he has more in common with the migrants and their search for home , family and freedom than he thought . 	0
when lucy discovers jack is from the neighborhood she grew up in , she is determined to learn how this man could fall from the comfort of suburbia to living on the streets . 	0
armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . . 	0
paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods . 	0
these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . ' 	0
meanwhile , more people end up dead . . . 	0
she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 	0
ziyad repeatedly reassures her of his undying love , but family and social pressure , particularly his evil , meddling mother , gradually poison their happy relationship until the love , enthusiasm and humour of their early days soon take a tragic turn . 	0
the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it . 	0
but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected . 	0
what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 	0
as he spirals into a series of hallucinations , the line between his sister's death and ellen's disappearance blurs . 	0
it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 	0
at dinner , his father asks him about his new telescope . 	0
as his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the nazi labor camps , he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of warsaw . 	0
frustrated with the official investigation and haunted by the thought that the man responsible for murdering his family might never be brought to justice , brewer takes matters into his own hands and tracks his quarry ultimately to colombia . 	0
amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 	0
with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . " 	0
so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 	0
to forever is a haunting story full of suspense , tears and laughter . 	0
immediately they are further sent to romulus , where a new praetor , shinzon , a half-reman cloned from captain picard , appears to want peace with the federation . 	0
on her nightly retreat to an abandoned cemetery , alenka is surprised by a singular night-guard whose duty it is to ensure that no ghosts escape the premises . 	0
they all decide to go together and they leave . 	0
our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 	0
when starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grads , genevieve moves in to take her place . 	0
the ridiculed home secretary is slowly coming to life , but in his way stands a paranoid defense secretary . 	0
isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 	0
naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze ! 	0
brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything . 	0
jackson , a cute , lanky , blue-haired poet who works in a record store , is at the center of everett lewis' twisted black la comedy . 	0
they think that if they rebuild it to work like it did in their youth , they might be able to communicate with their sister who died mysteriously on that beach 20 years ago . 	0
ploddy and his policeman rikhard set out to find the thieves - but it turns out to be both difficult and challenging ! 	0
her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 	0
young nicholas and his family enjoy a comfortable life , until nicholas' father dies and the family is left penniless . 	0
his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage . 	0
they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal . 	0
for escape he paints the visions that haunt him , while eleanor sends all of his hard earned money to a seedy tele-evangelist . 	0
but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return . 	0
in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 	0
successful filmmakers were asked how they balanced a family and a career . 	0
completely shocked , she can't take life anymore as all her dreams fall apart . 	0
the result is a chronicle of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one dominated by technology , the synthetic and the virtual . 	0
klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation . 	0
this temporary city is the 6th largest in nevada . 	0
dr . kanna &#38 ; rupi are childhood lovers and made for each other . 	0
add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago . 	0
the friends may listen , but when do they learn , maybe never or only when the journey begins with you ! . 	0
andrew moves to a small town way up north to isolate himself from the rest of the world . 	0
but does she realize , that this version of francis , douglas and henry is in reality her grown up son alan ( timothy bottoms ) . . . ? 	0
set in a future britain , this black comedy revolves around one day in the life of a drug dealer . 	0
in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds . 	0
when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war . 	0
shown as an episode of " the south bank show " . 	0
the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand . 	0
everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it . 	0
the master rescues melinda ( jennie dallery ) , a gang-banger on the run ; blake ( jeff sauber ) , a failed young artist ; and ariel ( shannon morris ) , teen hooker ; and brings them to his shelter along with other social rejects . 	0
a man ( phillipe ) awakens in a hospital not recalling the last two years as he begins to find out things from his past he discovers his ability to move from the year 2002 to the year 1999 . 	0
claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 	0
the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed . 	0
now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 	0
tim plans to spend his 21st birthday at his scottish estate with eight of his closest friends . 	0
stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles . 	0
his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet " the boys . " 	0
the true story about robyn davidson who tamed four wild camels and with her dog , trekked from alice springs to the indian ocean , a trip no-one had ever made . 	0
as they each play out their own con , the line between rescuer and executioner , betrayer and martyr become blurred and they must learn to trust each other in order to survive . 	0
an entertaining and topical adventure drama which responds to our society's fascination with doomsday cults , survivalist sects and their messianic leaders . 	0
the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 	0
secrets of robert's past start to emerge as he unleashes his awesome martial arts fighting abilities to defend himself and his wife . 	0
 " it's like those monster vampire high school kind of movies , only here the monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , the former r . e . m . 	0
in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 	0
ultimately , the band must find its strength in the music that is their passion and the thread that holds them together , inspiring them to prevail . 	0
she's a brilliant lawyer with a sharp , strategic mind . 	0
paravasu is the elder son of the great sage raibhya ( mohan agashe ) . 	0
two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town . 	0
the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town . 	0
he falls in love with a village girl , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being betrayed by her boyfriend . 	0
susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title . 	0
hoping to win prize money offered by a local band contest , dewey forms a rock band with the kids in the class . 	0
determined to reveal his new findings and theories to the world , the awkward yet sincere bodybuilder realizes he has no choice but to get back in supreme shape , compete in the ultimate " mr . 	0
still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser . 	0
the " actress " becomes an overnight sensation , with a major singing career as well , and everyone thinks she's a real person . 	0
toledo arrives home and has a long conversation with ana , who constantly manifests a ridiculous desire of 'going out for a drink' . 	0
a year later , strange things start to happen , as each person that was connected to the hit and run incident is being killed . . . one 	0
in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime . 	0
it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 	0
madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben . 	0
yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 	0
her plan is to control the information infrastructure of the world . 	0
her dysfunctional family , consisting only of lilo and her sister nani , is about to be ripped apart by social worker cobra bubbles . 	0
later on , when frode is safely tucked in bed , something is stirring in the closet , because that little monster puppet is no ordinary puppet . 	0
the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home . 	0
urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus . 	0
discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere . 	0
thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 	0
he enters an unknown world of rituals and cutural perceptions , and fixes everything in his own unique way . 	0
our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder . 	0
one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago . 	0
when an international criminal ( dacascos ) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader ( dmx ) as part of a diamond heist , it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search ( led by a government agent played by li ) , aided by the father's gangsters . 	0
meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru . 	0
a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia . 	0
he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 	0
finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding . 	0
left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape . 	0
unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history . 	0
cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully . 	0
the sisters of st john of god have maintained a presence in the kimberley for nearly 100 years . 	0
one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 	0
discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 	0
the clues are few and time is running out for the students of rogers high school . 	0
tuck everlasting is the story of a girl named winnie and a family who she meets , the tucks . 	0
just when it seems martha's influence may be having a favorable effect on greg's attitude , his old ways win out . 	0
the baby that is the anti-christ is switched at birth . 	0
a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again . 	0
in this emotionally compelling documentary , sister helen opens a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in the south bronx after the death of her husband and two sons . 	0
she knows that kanna is back but now she does not want to go back to him . 	0
the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production . 	0
amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 	0
an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting . 	0
a wedding is arranged and cassandra is left on the sidelines as everyone around her is drawn into a maelstrom of interconnected relationships . 	0
when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss . 	0
starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 	0
as anakin is left behind to protect padm&#233 ; , his feelings for her grow into something more than friendship . 	0
but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer . 	0
when the us government " recruits " him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . 	0
joe , a rootless young drifter , finds work on a barge travelling between glasgow and edinburgh , owned by les and his wife ella . 	0
robert immediately tries to flee with his assistant and narrowly manages to escape the pursuing tong but not without a heavy price . 	0
down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression . 	0
 " the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) . 	0
graffiti removal has subverted the common obstacles blocking creative expression and become one of the more intriguing and important art movements of our time . 	0
a mysterious video tape is killing off anyone who watches it . 	0
intensely loved by two women , who were never meant to be his . 	0
alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream . 	0
young is a tribute to the nobility of those men under fire , their common acts of uncommon valor , and their loyalty to and love for one another . 	0
fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 	0
when johnny and lena are stumped , they turn to wayne . . . but 	0
the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass . 	0
approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 	0
leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on . 	0
having been born , raised , and schooled in the garden state , they are now , in their early 30's , starting to realize that something is lacking in their lives . 	0
to vaughn , lena embodies the society that has rejected him . 	0
a young african american man , quickly closing in on the much sought after american dream , comes to terms with the fact that no amount of success can shield him from the ills that face our society . 	0
the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops . 	0
the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing . 	0
in event of death of any of the inheritors' death , a death certificate has to be produced to the bank . 	0
they feel they are at the end of their rope and know they need a big stash of cash to make their musical dreams a reality . 	0
sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners . 	0
not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts . 	0
nothing like dreaming is a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple . 	0
frank ( played by sal mazzotta ) , family under-bossman vito lupo ( played by leo rossi ) , and consigliori danny defino ( played by johnny williams ) try to find out who is responsible for usurping the family's power before they implode from their own internal strife . 	0
then a final " test " is made to come to a decision . . . 	0
she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench . 	0
the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 	0
a team of rescue workers has been laboring all night to save people caught in a massive flash flood in the desert . 	0
an l . a . artist ( mark ruffalo ) with everything seemingly going for him suddenly finds a change in his life when an art curator cancels his upcoming one-man show . 	0
after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law . 	0
as the sisters approach the end of an era , and the end of an order , they search their souls in an examination of their life's work . 	0
huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime . 	0
there , a competition to create 'something' made of at least 50% duct tape , will garner the third prize winner exactly $10 , 000 . 	0
a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison . 	0
instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . 	0
with no known family , he leave his california roots for middle america in search of what may be a distant cousin . 	0
in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 	0
he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays . 	0
and may bring claire face to face with her past . 	0
viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 	0
in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village . 	0
it is only natural for " the shu " to flourish under the care of corrupt and powerful men like battista . 	0
on the case , he soon deducts that the killer , who staged the murder to look like a random robbery , may actually be a serial killer terry was trailing for years in the fbi . 	0
finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want . 	0
he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities . 	0
jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 	0
carlos works in the east village as an inker of comics , but is developing his own project he hopes to sell to a well-known publisher . 	0
emma agrees to bret's plan and the thefts are go smoothly , resulting in enough money for the lovers to go away , but emma wants more . 	0
back when the earth was being overrun by glaciers , and animals were scurrying to save themselves from the upcoming ice age , a stupid sloth named sid , a woolly mammoth named manny , a saber-toothed tiger named diego , and an acorn-loving saber-toothed squirrel named scrat are forced to become unlikely heroes . 	0
he is to build the palace and be covered in gold , if not , his fate is to be eaten by crocodiles . 	0
believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 	0
mo is beautiful but bald , mei has excessive body hair ( that somehow resulted from a sexual assault ) , hung has a large red birthmark on her face , and pao has abnormally small eyes . 	0
but there is one major problem--oscar's true love is his stepmother eve . 	0
things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer . 	0
through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family . 	0
tess and her daughter anna are always fighting and they think each other don't see how hard their life is . 	0
the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse . 	0
their marriage turns into a downward spiral where she works at a local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best friend , freddy . 	0
when a powerful developer named mr . scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in arnold's neighborhood to build a huge " mall-plex " , it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear . 	0
three families , living in a three storey building , leave for their summer vacations . 	0
as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to " the shu " where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . 	0
she drags along her best friend marie ( jenny ) , and marie's boyfriend sean ( john ) and kid brother scott ( jonathan ) . 	0
jude law plays a leading role as inman , a wounded confederate soldier who is on a perilous journey home to his mountain community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by nicole kidman . 	0
they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car . 	0
while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 	0
he discovers that his daughter's life , unknown to him from an affair with a brazilian woman 15 years earlier , is in danger and must return to rio ; having only five days to finish the deal and find his daughter . 	0
this is a story about the warm relationship between a little girl and her father despite the difficult conditions they have to live in . 	0
desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 	0
hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual . 	0
they decide that the path to true love is to purposely set each other up on " extreme dates " with the objects of their affections . 	0
outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house . 	0
a young boy has been possessed so as to capture a young , beautiful girl . 	0
a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 	0
set in present-day hollywood , the story concerns a script which does not exist , but nonetheless draws praise and bids from the creative community . 	0
but she can't escape her suspicion that her husband is having an affair with a teenage girl . 	0
with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 	0
as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! . 	0
the tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block , and roxie finally becomes a star . 	0
the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' . 	0
when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down . 	0
with his signature sense of angry humour , activist filmmaker michael moore sets out to explore the roots of this bloodshed . 	0
as burke teaches him the ropes and the rules of the game , james quickly rises through the ranks and falls for layla ( moynahan ) , one of his fellow recruits . 	0
price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden . 	0
his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma . 	0
3 years after retiring from the fbi because of a near-fatal encounter with hannibal lecter , who was helping him catch the " chesapeake ripper " , only to reveal it was hannibal himself , will graham is asked by his ex-partner jack crawford to come solve one last case - 2 slaughtered families every full moon . 	0
this is a documentary about a woman from ghana who is reunited with her father after many years . 	0
it is the story of ronwell quincy dobbs ( david cross ) , who has a unique talent for getting arrest . 	0
when he arrives he finds that the cousin has been missing for your years , leaving behind a wife and five daughters living in a small town full of secrets of blackmail and murder . 	0
because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self . 	0
he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 	0
aka birdseye is the saga of an obsessive colorado sheriff and his trusting teenage son , who risk it all when their twisted reconstruction of a mysterious kidnapping case escalates into a dangerous hunt for a mythical swiss criminal . 	0
tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 	0
the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 	0
he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 	0
along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher . 	0
he has just graduated college , he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel . 	0
but the more he becomes human , the more chaos happens in this formerly perfect holo-deck . 	0
but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive . 	0
immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant . 	0
as fran's requests become more peculiar , chep is thrown into increasingly bizarre situations . 	0
the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 	0
together they flee to the city of hamburg and smuggle with them what used to be the greatest export of the vikings , an icelandic falcon . 	0
paro's world crashed knowing that her devdas would be gone and she lit a diya , for it signified the fast coming back of her loved one . 	0
only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond . 	0
kilo is now a free man and a new father with a drug franchise covering both coasts . 	0
with her birthday fast approaching , she must decide whether or not to keep the promise she made to herself over a decade earlier : quit the music business at 40 if she hasn't made it by then . 	0
this movie praise the right to be different and unique . 	0
when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts . 	0
eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " . 	0
this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is . 	0
as things become increasingly more complicated in the small community , the walls around father amaro begin to crumble . 	0
in his second term at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry , harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) is warned by an elf named dobby that disaster will strike when he returns to hogwarts . 	0
the course of their experiences ultimately involves with sammy boi , an aggressive rapper caught in a bad contract while on of his songs is a major radio hit ; joan vicks , a devious a&#38 ; r executive for viewpointe records , randy tigge , a drug addicted , cross-dressing rock star ; and michael dileo , the chairman of viewpointe record , who some simply call satan . 	0
the widow's teenage daughter wants to be a professional gambler and she convinces her mother to date a british man whose new in town . 	0
he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . 	0
now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 	0
everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 	0
when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her . 	0
dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 	0
along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 	0
but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 	0
briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder . 	0
we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory . 	0
until one day , renata adhiswara ( rachel maryam ) came into his world . 	0
her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of bachelorman-interruptus . 	0
two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house . 	0
the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation . 	0
lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear . 	0
still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 	0
a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 	0
seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 	0
'the count of monte cristo' is a remake of the alexander dumas tale by the same name . 	0
interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual . 	0
the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east . 	0
54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 	0
this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant . 	0
he got to know four children who have no fathers . 	0
a disfigured pop star confronts the phenomenal devotion of her biggest fan . . . 	0
to protect her relationship with john , she " ditches " her son , having him arrested and locked in a correctional " mental " facility , before coercing her older brother burt , who lives in hollywood , to take him . 	0
two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow . 	0
when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him . 	0
mnemosyne bears witness to the forces of destruction as well as of creation , revealing through art , the multi-dimensionality of women . 	0
they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie . 	0
the corrupt wizard saruman ( christopher lee ) , under the power of the dark lord sauron , and his slimy assistant , gr&#237 ; ma wormtongue ( brad dourif ) , have created a grand uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of man and middle-earth . 	0
as the main character , the chosen one , oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend master pain . 	0
caught in this battle of wills is clara's daughter , victoria , who finds she is about to be married into the same faith that murdered her father . 	0
however , after an inexplicable letter arrives , any signs of normalcy in his life begin to fade . 	0
this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 	0
the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals . 	0
2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock . 	0
together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 	0
irene is about to experience all new ways of romance . 	0
for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not . 	0
the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music . 	0
veteran film director matty bonkers ( bob rafelson ) , a hollywood legend , arrives in berlin for an honorary retrospective tribute . 	0
but the wily alien quickly learns never to come between a woman and her cat . 	0
ziyad and maryam are a happy young couple in lebanon , yet after three years of marriage they remain childless . 	0
he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques . 	0
a young bounty hunter who makes her living tracking sims , finds herself the unlikely ally of a police detective who suspects the cyberlink is being perverted for an insidious and deadly purpose . 	0
scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever . 	0
instead , he tells her that her life has no meaning , and is going to end in just a few days , which sparks her to action , trying to change the pattern of her life . . . 	0
former caa power broker , michael ovitz is probably very sorry he ever decided to do that vanity fair interview . 	0
unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . . 	0
pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as . 	0
he can talk and drive around all by himself . 	0
a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis . 	0
anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him . 	0
but things did not work as he planned , until . . . 	0
the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 	0
she further finds out her sister was working as a dominatrix at an unusual underground adult establishment in detroit called the playground . 	0
but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints . 	0
the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus . 	0
it centers on inez macbeth ( dominique swain ) , a wisp of a girl just a shade over twenty , who may lack a formal education , but has already been taught plenty by life . 	0
the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching . 	0
while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual . 	0
only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed . 	0
when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 	0
in 19th-century new mexico , a father ( tommy lee jones ) comes back home , hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter maggie ( cate blanchett ) . 	0
fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from . 	0
despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 	0
in the end , both come to new understanding of what is important and appear to be set in new ethical and moral directions . 	0
the fake " attack " turns into a bloodbath . 	0
using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger . 	0
the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 	0
simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama . 	0
who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 	0
before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter . 	0
with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 	0
35-year old magnus edkvist hates class reunions as much as anyone and usually skip them . 	0
shot on location in the williamsburgh and flatbush neighborhoods of brooklyn , hung-up is a 35mm short story in the tradition of happy gilmore and taxi driver . 	0
in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him . 	0
and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony . 	0
before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million ! 	0
what he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian , world class boxing champion kelly robinson ( eddie murphy ) , on a dangerous top secret espionage mission . 	0
she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life . 	0
red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape . 	0
it is story of an innocent boy ( krishna ) . 	0
if she can come to terms with it , rachel might just have a chance at love . 	0
mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track . 	0
he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 	0
she entranced the founder of the museum of art ( masp ) where the fashion parade was being held , and her career was hence launched . 	0
amid a towering forest of shimmering crystals , they begin to explore this ancient marvel . 	0
the tucks try to teach her how she shouldn't fear death , how they would give anything to die . 	0
then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 	0
jimmy ( thomas ) is a highly educated barber with a superiority complex who can't stand isaac ( garity ) , the new , white barber who just wants a shot at cutting some hair . 	0
the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it ! 	0
for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure . 	0
the man's life is thrown into jeopardy when a teenage boy escapes with the only key to the dealer's merchandise , leaving him little time to finish the deal , find his daughter and make it out of the country alive . 	0
 " it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap . 	0
a film about two intelligent , romantic people who ultimately have to 'earn' each other . 	0
perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games . 	0
the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled . 	0
he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd . 	0
landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself . 	0
when his father decides that it's time for tough love , he doesn't pay his tuition . 	0
 " frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm . 	0
kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre . 	0
one is found in the city's landfill site , and the other is horrifically murdered on a public bus . 	0
now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits . 	0
owners who will do almost anything to keep them running . 	0
but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell . 	0
barbara novak ( renee zellweger ) has just come down from maine to new york after writing a book called down with love . 	0
but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage . 	0
while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 	0
it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers . 	0
mark hamill plays coroner who begins to doubt that it is a suicide . 	0
emory , a former governor of his tribe , is reunited with his son larry , via the help of a friend , sky montgomery , who invites larry to travel from the old pueblo to the new " big city " to join his father at a photo-art exhibition hosted by sky . 	0
having sought and found refuge within this ancient religious society , sheldon finds himself captivated by this unusual and powerful world and the three old men who run it . 	0
obstacles pop up left and right , as the adventure gets wilder and wilder . 	0
thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 	0
leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways . 	0
the painter visually depicts the life of a lonely immigrant woman who seeks companionship with the window repairman . 	0
their daughter rachel cleans in a home for elderly people , and their son rory is unemployed and aggressive . 	0
los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 	0
making use of homemade steel helmets and chest plates to stop bullets , they committed a series of robberies from 1878-80 , when kelly was captured and hanged in melbourne . 	0
as the police investigate and suspect is arrested , we discover that joe knows more than he is letting on . 	0
arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 	0
five office workers are taken hostage by shy colleague neil ( ned dennehy ) , and his evil hand puppet morgan . 	0
 " the ballad of bering strait " is a two and a half year epic that follows bering strait's amazing cultural fusion-coming of age journey in america . 	0
a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives . 	0
as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 	0
agency owner/president , claire upton , has put together a 6 minute training video designed to help you gain job satisfaction as a contingent employee . 	0
it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " . 	0
despite guidance from the blue fairy , and the love of his father , gepetto , a wooden puppet's curious spirit leads him into one wild adventure after another . 	0
the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder . 	0
it is her destiny to sing in the movies a final wish before the afterlife . 	0
eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue ! 	0
marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare . 	0
his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent . 	0
on the other side of town a woman named jill valentine tries to escape from the city while battling zombies and matt adison , now transformed into a monster called " the nemesis " who is bent on destroying all who live . 	0
change up is a documentary that follows the lives of best friends , rafael " pepey " rodriguez , and alex sosa , two hard throwing pitchers from the economically poor , but baseball rich island of the dominican republic . 	0
hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 	0
it mixes real news reports with actors portraying friends , family , cops , killers , and other laramie residents in their own words . 	0
he used to love mitchell allen ( thomas ian nicholas ) before mitchell dumped him for candice ( clare kramer ) . 	0
now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby . 	0
from his first hand accounts of the ( wonderland murders aka woodland murders ) . 	0
there aren't enough jedi to defend the republic against the threat , so chancellor palpatine enlists the aid of jango fett , who promises that his army of clones will handle the situation . 	0
charlotte and teis , partners for some years , are going to climb a mountain , literally and metaphorically . 	0
based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed . 	0
although they don't even exchange glances he tells his friend of a love at first sight relationship between himself and the beautiful veronique . 	0
thornton stars as a man who is free after serving 19 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery . 	0
but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 	0
in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash . 	0
louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 	0
upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ . 	0
as their adopted identity grows , the gang tumbles into a downward spiral of excitement , excess and fun . 	0
jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 	0
but slowly , their teenage-son alan ( kristian horn ) got suspicious that henry isn't his father . 	0
she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep . 	0
in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 	0
an apparent gynaecologist dr . nightingale hastily marries a pregnant patient , modesta and takes her home to his mysterious manor to meet mother . 	0
it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts . 	0
amber ( madonna ) is 40 , beautiful , rich , spoiled , and arrogant beyond measure . 	0
but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life . 	0
a retired army colonel and veteran of three wars , rescorla was killed in the september 11 , 2001 attack on the world trade center , during which he saved the lives of thousands of wtc employees at the cost of his own life . 	0
jesse custer , a texas preacher , is imbued by the power of an entity called genesis , part angel and part demon , who give him the power of the word , the ability to make anybody do anything he says . 	0
he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life . 	0
unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 	0
it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself . 	0
vicious , the future descendant of james and jessie of team rocket , travels back in time to wreak havoc , and it's up to young ash , pikachu and friends to stop him . 	0
a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves . 	0
roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville . 	0
however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 	0
this moving documentary tells the story of thomas and his relationship with blalock , one that ushered in advances in surgery that are still in existence today . 	0
peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart . 	0
so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 	0
given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ? 	0
personal tragedies , however , threaten to rip the band apart , rocking the foundation of friendship and trust the women have built together . 	0
this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 	0
police and investigators believed the murders were in retaliation for a robbery days prior to the murders . 	0
the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 	0
against improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation on the mysterious isla de muerta . 	0
after an ultimatum from his girlfriend tara ( alison eastwood ) , johnny finally commits to a " real " job in the construction business , but is soon miserable there . 	0
fallopia offers lizzy the chance to become a pioneer in the most revolutionary field of modern medical science : in-utero advertising . 	0
surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood . 	0
suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing . 	0
she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 	0
immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men . 	0
this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century . 	0
when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 	0
dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 	0
one of the theives betrays his companions and swipes the gold for himself . 	0
shot on wide screen digibeta , sendak with his night kitchen theater partner , arthur yorinks and pilobolus artistic directors robby barnett , michael tracy , and jonathan wolken shows us the tenacity and wit that drive the creative process when serious artists work together . 	0
with the fbi and press in hot pursuit , she must make the hardest decision in her life . 	0
van wilder is a guy who has been at his college for seven years . 	0
cabin fever sets in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . 	0
november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 	0
nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 	0
but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life . 	0
standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 	0
baaba andoh fled ghana in fear for her life , when her long-lost father tried to force her to undergo female genital mutilation . 	0
when sarah's dog disappears into the forest , she becomes completely lost trying to find him . 	0
sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 	0
kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth . 	0
on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life . 	0
a plan to start a parisian salon with a distinctively democratic air brings conflict with her new surroundings and an unusual ally in a country girl raised by pigs . 	0
the guy really wants this girl named christina who has a similar number so samantha decides she'd better track this chick down before the guy does . 	0
until she leaves to the kitchen and he finds out that under the bed a male shoe that does not belong to him is carefully hidden by a male hand , under his own eyes . 	0
accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another . 	0
and the date of his life turns out to be more than tony bargained for . 	0
and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia . 	0
a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score . 	0
but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter . 	0
'grasp' is a darkly humorous mystery peppered with some truly surreal visuals . 	0
with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him . 	0
now , akshay must battle those that he has to overcome to get what he needs to help his mother and survive the wilderness . 	0
deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel . 	0
yanks tanks is a first look at the phenomenon of classic american cars in cuba . 	0
the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 	0
flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them . 	0
but when she recruits a new lodger for the downstairs flat , daniel finds himself falling for robert , the hot southern boy who's moved to the big city . 	0
daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story . 	0
he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too . 	0
then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship . 	0
if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 	0
nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 	0
the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles . 	0
eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands . 	0
when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school . 	0
the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers . 	0
'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago . 	0
nic is fixated on getting laid , and watches mike and nadine through the skylight with josh . 	0
of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 	0
a look into the underground world of bruce haack , a genius who's past work continues to garner recognition with time . 	0
they do this by planning india's biggest bank heist and then de-camping with the loot . 	0
he pays the price for his sleepless night , however , the next morning when his father awakens him into a whole nude world . 	0
vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school . 	0
mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 	0
in order to protect his sister , eddie - disabled , betrayed and alone - journeys into the heart of his own darkness : where he discovers that the reason for his ordeal lies in his own past sins and those of his adversary charlie strom . 	0
his family decides to go back on a holiday to india for 2 weeks , when tina discovers the truth about pooja's e-mails , they decide together that tina will play along with the charade . 	0
the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro . 	0
the movie is based on jane smiley's novella the age of grief , and centres on a dentist , played by campbell scott , who has a strange dream that blurs the boundaries between fantasy and reality . 	0
but ralph's got a special talent - an ability to impersonate any hollywood celebrity - the perfect disguise to hide his stutter . . . 	0
his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 	0
soon , the entire team is self-destructing , and bret couldn't be happier . 	0
if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 	0
she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill . 	0
disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 	0
these diverse motivations come together creating a big problemo . 	0
discarded and forgotten , pete williams is living out his days in an old soldiers home in galveston , texas . 	0
holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 	0
the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams . 	0
but who is the one doing it , malfoy , gamekeeper hagrid ( robbie coltrane ) , or , even , harry ? 	0
he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) . 	0
only one person has the power to save the princess , a priestess . 	0
paralyzed by the discovery he is only capable of leaving with a stupid excuse , trying to hide from ana the anguish that barely lets him breath . 	0
marisa ventura ( lopez ) is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of new york city , who works as a maid in a first-class manhattan hotel . 	0
a dramatic thriller about a emerald smuggler who has 5 days to go to rio , finish off a deal with a brazilian drug lord and find his lost daughter , unknown to him from an affair 15 years earlier . 	0
he accidentally discovers that the chinese mafia , the tong , is using his newly discovered ancient chinese artifacts to hide and smuggle narcotics across the border . 	0
a chronicle , which goes behind the scenes on a stormy collaboration between the iconoclastic dance company , pilobolus , and legendary author-illustrator maurice sendak . 	0
her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage . 	0
it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality and force carol to face up to her terrifying destiny . 	0
this only leads to increased anxiety and fear in nicholas . 	0
he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 	0
a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 	0
neither of them seem able to disrupt or end their oddly comforting , creepy codependent relationship . 	0
on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 	0
well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 	0
this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party . 	0
young juan antonio has been challenged to defend the honor of the beautiful yet devilish carmen , by se&#241 ; or maximiliano , a decorated military officer who has just returned from the spanish-american war . 	0
documentary about robert mcnamara , secretary of defense in the kennedy and johnson administrations , who subsequently became president of the world bank . 	0
pistachio disguisey , a sweet-natured italian server at his father fabbrizio's restaurant , can't figure out why he compulsively mimics his customers and desires to change his appearance . 	0
a british officer sees the drummer chasing his canteen and mistakes him as a deserter running away through the woods . 	0
she is sent to prison for life , and astrid has to go through foster home after foster home . 	0
one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 	0
nomad explores the futility of insulating oneself from the sometimes painful reality of human interaction . 	0
mile zero is a story about a father with a remarkable capacity to love , but who lets fear and desperation rule his actions . 	0
the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world . 	0
greta is a sharp , spunky editor who is rotten with ambition . 	0
anything anyone tells her to do , she must obey . 	0
moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival . 	0
some of his most popular work was when he played " johnny wadd " private detective . 	0
when he was a young boy , kyle ( chaney kley ) claimed that while he was sleeping , he accidentally woke up and saw the tooth fairy , who tried to kill him . 	0
she feels left out from her father's new family , she's had an abortion , she's tried to commit suicide , and she hates life in the city . 	0
once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 	0
and slowly but surely , the dim-witted duo begin to realise this . 	0
their only resources , tenacity , determination , ingenuity and each other . 	0
meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury . 	0
when a male friend commits suicide , he leaves all of his belongings to his friends . 	0
your night horrors start to bleed into your day job . 	0
while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro . 	0
unbeknownst to the elders , the widows daughter has come to settle the estate , evict them and have an estate sale all in one day . 	0
this means that he is able to speak/understand snakes . 	0
beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . 	0
unfortunately , he neglects to mention that he is a professional gambler with bad instincts and that the jaguar is borrowed . 	0
women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 	0
this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society . 	0
niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank . 	0
detective kuroda tries to find the answer , which isn't as simple as one could hope . 	0
detective mi yun ( played by yum jung-ah ) , and her newly appointed partner , detective kang ( played by ji jin-hee ) , are assigned to the case . 	0
that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 	0
together they set off from minneapolis to duluth on what they think will be a redemptive and romantic road trip to the north shore . 	0
the battle results in an incident that sees one of the men re-evaluate his values in life . 	0
the film is an homage to power , strength and individualism . 	0
as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty . 	0
keith discovers a new man and a new attitude . 	0
he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear . 	0
this journey awakens in ben an erotic passion that dares to destroy his tidy world as he pursues an illicit love affair , not with the administrator's daughter , but with his wife , dori . 	0
 " in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . " 	0
if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you ! 	0
velma is aloof to roxie , however the prison warden mrs morton offers roxie the opportunity of representation by slick chicago lawyer billy flynn . 	0
just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 	0
naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress . 	0
between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 	0
a documentary examining the december 2nd , 1999 assassination of microsoft ceo bill gates in los angeles , and the group of key players seeking to unravel the mystery of his alleged assassin as well as the circumstances surrounding his death . 	0
suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory . 	0
unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 	0
sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes . 	0
this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 	0
louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 	0
they come across each other again and want to make their fathers' wish come true , so they arrange for yoyo and cheung to meet in london . 	0
has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem . 	0
tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve . 	0
otjen is helming the pic , holly mosher produces . 	0
but then roxie comes along and velma is old news . 	0
 " one hell of a christmas " is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . 	0
fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste . 	0
by the end , only one thing is certain - justice is simply a toss of the coin . 	0
that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan . 	0
and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 	0
candice ( leslie ) is invited spend a weekend with her boyfriend in a deserted victorian mansion . 	0
using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder . 	0
the chubbchubbs introduces the alien inhabitants of the planet glorf , including meeper , its earnest but oh so awkward hero , a singing diva , the zyzaks , 20 foot-tall red-eyed bullies , and the chubbchubbs . 	0
he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression . 	0
purpo$e is the story of young internet entrepreneur , john elias . 	0
warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown . 	0
the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life . 	0
after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing . 	0
a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy . 	0
she gets quite curious about this man , who is not like anyone she's ever met before . 	0
tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 	0
clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids . 	0
colson comes to live with them , an injection of danger in the form of a strange , silent houseguest with haunted eyes and odd habits . 	0
the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 	0
part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart . 	0
as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening . 	0
tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission . 	0
lead by billy clemens , the gang includes maggie and virginia caulder , two beautiful sisters who have a penchant for disguise as well as gun handling . 	0
calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time . 	0
a comic tale about the end of the summer in ireland , 2001 , where 5 boys and 5 girls are out to end the summer with a bang before heading back to school to sit the final exams , only to be thwarted by comic mishappenings . 	0
although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws . 	0
still , she doesn't want anyone , not samantha , not the cops and , most importantly , not her beloved dad , to come down on her . 	0
unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 	0
the story also depicts the first encounters between europeans and north american indians and the birth of the first european child on north american soil . 	0
when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 	0
together , they develop a criminal energy that knows no boundaries and leads them to cold-blooded murder . . . 	0
but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche . 	0
a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class . 	0
this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz . 	0
winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 	0
frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens . 	0
sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche . 	0
a woman who again is able to let love into her heart . 	0
writer/director dante tomaselli merges two disturbing storylines into this visually arresting chiller . 	0
a feature documentary offering a gripping portrait of the esgenoopetitj mi'gmaq first nation during the summer of 2000 as the canadian government appears to wage war on the community for exercising their inherent and court-affirmed fishing rights . 	0
stallone plays a cop who comes undone after witnessing a brutal scene on the job . 	0
rayne johnson is a shrewd investment company assistant who turns a mob slaying into a golden opportunity for a new improved lifestyle , managing to outsmart the crooked cops who are very eager to see her disappear . 	0
from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future . 	0
astrid magnussen is a 12 year old girl , living in california . 	0
a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste . 	0
the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed " dinner time burglar . " 	0
vince's flood of memories about sara's disappearance is brought on when he happens upon 10-year-old ellen , one of julie's students . 	0
by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 	0
hope looms on the horizon though : he's closing in fast on his dream of opening a four-star restaurant in north conway . 	0
shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 	0
his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him . 	0
based on the philip k . dick short story of the same name , it follows the lead character spencer olham's quest to regain his identity after being suspected as an alien android , in an future earth at war with aliens that use the androids as bombs to destroy their enemies homeworlds . 	0
will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ? 	0
as the investigation continues , catherine is forced to choose between her past passions and new possibilities , even as handler is discovering surprising new facts about embry and his possible connection to another disappearance from campus . 	0
it caused a rift between the families and even though devdas tried to convince his father , only antagonism came his way . 	0
rajani plans to offer her daughter to an older man , a rich husband and protector to her daughter . 	0
desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' . 	0
 " bad santa " is the story of two conmen who go on a road trip to malls dressed as santa and his elf . 	0
told from the point of view from archie ( qualls ) , a comic book collector , this is the story of a rivalry between two comic book shop owners . 	0
abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance . 	0
in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) . 	0
two men ( eddie murphy and jeff garlin ) get laid off in product development at a large food company and are forced to become stay-at-home fathers and take their sons out of the exclusive chapman academy . 	0
the film follows three tracks : banks's slow recruitment of bennie , the set-up for the hit at a swank resort in mexico , and the fbi's close pursuit of banks , whom they want alive in hopes he'll rat out his bosses . 	0
finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 	0
and for her honor , it will be named 'paradise-casino' . 	0
when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance . 	0
one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) . 	0
not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 	0
based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films . 	0
as for the music world , history's future king is coming from the past . 	0
guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) . 	0
while there prove to be a lot of pitches to be thrown before he makes it off the mound , big-league dreams are revived , and there's no telling where he could go . 	0
or does kip just want to destroy the planet ? 	0
she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom . 	0
they fight with glass plates , staple guns , light bulbs , fire and other homemade weapons . 	0
the visionary quest begins on the operating table , where a surgeon grafts a prototype ocular implant into his eye socket . 	0
although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice . 	0
however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days . 	0
after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 	0
they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet . 	0
the film tells a story of two scrap pickers - the title hero edi and his friend jureczek . 	0
she silently waits , filled with fear and fading hope for the fate of a loved one , her son , who will never return . 	0
john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . 	0
when they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of cho cho's master , it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger . 	0
each vision shows the son at a different age and at a different stage in his pursuit of his life long love , isabelle . 	0
will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ? 	0
but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite . 	0
she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace . 	0
a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles . 	0
here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies . 	0
the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents . 	0
an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres . 	0
before long , a large canada goose covered entirely with duct tape is attached to the possum van , and red and the boys set out on their pilgrimage to save the lodge . 	0
a young man shares his mantra and imagines innocent beauty as he reflects upon his lonely , mundane existence . 	0
a light-hearted and high-spirited story , full of spice , sensuality and romance , viva zapato tells the tale of dolores , a beautiful cuban dancer who decides to leave her failing marriage and open a restaurant by the beach with her aunt from brazil . 	0
as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear . 	0
amidst the ever continuous vitality of america , the color photograph , eve yearns for a stillness , a black and white print that will soothe her soul . 	0
the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 	0
frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't seem to work , sam hands in his resignation . 	0
now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery . 	0
and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding . 	0
the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash . 	0
writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 	0
an astute teenager has a major problem that might jeopardize her promising future . 	0
francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet . 	0
but he finds an unlikely ally in sofia , beno's sultry mistress . 	0
akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession . 	0
clerick john preston ( bale ) is a top ranking government agent responsible for destroying those who resist the rules . 	0
meanwhile , una makes herself being fired in the supermarket . 	0
long before the first exorcist , we are taken to the birth of the demon pazuzu , and follow him through his life , eventually bringing us to the middle east where he waits for a victim to use as a vehcile to destroy the world with . 	0
meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous . 	0
irish eyes are crying explores the relationship between two irish-american brothers in boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough , working class irish neighborhood . 	0
during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable . 	0
clara has gone wild after her mother runs off with another man . 	0
the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 	0
after a really wild night jim and the gang wake up in an abandoned warehouse in a small town in the middle of no where , of which they have never heard of . 	0
he's in the southwest , headed toward mexico , when he picks up bennie , a woman leaving an abusive marriage , going to paradise , arizona . 	0
twenty-two year old steve is on top of the world . 	0
he's lost his super powers , and it will take all of bachelorman's skill and cunning to get his lois lane back . 	0
a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs . 	0
as each wait for a bus to new york city it is soon clear they are both hiding dark secrets while running from the past . 	0
a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 	0
vin diesel reunites with the director ( rob cohen ) and the producer ( neal h . moritz ) of the blockbuster the fast and the furious . 	0
after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god . 	0
the story focuses on an ambitious young executive , amanda , who inherits a lovely b&#38 ; b on a remote island in maine when her grandmother dies . 	0
after a failed marriage to ali macgraw , a cocaine bust and rumored involvement with the cotton club murder , he disappeared into near-obscurity . 	0
caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together . 	0
marked by past scars and quickly running out of time , graham finds himself tangled in a heap of madness , sacrificing his work , his family , and above all his own life , to put an end to pure evil . 	0
his mission : to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world , led by the nihilistic yorgi . 	0
after a month , dante comes to see lucy to find out what she has decided . 	0
in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love . 	0
a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth . 	0
kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death . 	0
when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) . 	0
mr . stiles has an ulterior motive however , and has enlisted possum lake's sheriff ( darren frost ) and deputy ( melissa dimarco ) to help prevent the lodge from coming up with money to pay the fine . 	0
she has been programmed to eliminate other cybernetic organisms . 	0
pirates of the caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the caribbean seas . 	0
along the way , he encounters some strange characters , one of which is a cow trained in the martial arts . 	0
she soon finds out it's hard to get to know him , or even to get nearby him ! 	0
he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 	0
when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d . 	0
after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community . 	0
he and his girlfriend , a terrorist seeking to change how the poor are treated in korea , kidnap his former boss's daughter . 	0
the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 	0
bruce soon learns that being god is very challenging . 	0
in venice , italy , a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold . 	0
john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 	0
suk , a korean martial artist , brought up by the organization since early childhood , is the man they trust to fight these 'special' matches . 	0
and then a body turns up on cape cod . . . 	0
during world war ii and the era of staunch racial segregation , a black carpenter's son named vivien thomas , who had a talent for surgery , along with a white surgeon named dr . alfred blalock , who defied the medical establishment created a partnership that changed the course of cardiac surgery . 	0
peter and martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives . 	0
the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever . 	0
 " ox " anderson , much greener , is also getting the same new task : protect the navajo codetalkers ( ben yahzee and charles whitehorse , respectively ) . 	0
in a time when a woman's place was in the home , young emily ventures out and falls in love with a young soldier , eventually carrying his baby out of wedlock . 	0
rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby . 	0
a dedicated scientist , aided by his clueless wife , rolls up his shirt sleeves and tries to save the world from a radioactive monster , curious space aliens , an evil scientist and a crabby skeleton in this send-up of the best of the b movies of the 1950's . 	0
as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn . 	0
set in an american town in the rocky mountains in the 1930s . 	0
although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 	0
international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart . 	0
unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 	0
thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her . 	0
this night will expose all of the hidden nuances that each of the friends carry , forever changing their lives and how they view one another . 	0
they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 	0
a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 	0
some will fall in love , one will change his life , another will be out for whatever and whomever she can get . 	0
jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 	0
as the girls foil this threat and defeat an army of superpowered monkeys , the powerpuff girls learn that with great power comes great responsibility . 	0
a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college . 	0
matt lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth . 	0
in a place far , far away , illegal genetic experiment #626 is detected : ruthless scientist dr . jumba jookiba has created a strong , intelligent , nearly indestructible and aggressive being with only one known weakness : the high density of his body makes it impossible for the experiment to swim in water . 	0
a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 . 	0
the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 	0
and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash . 	0
who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? " 	0
after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 	0
there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied . 	0
the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers . 	0
he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " . 	0
miracles , signs and wonders accompany them along with a massive media hunt to track down this " miracle man . " 	0
this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself . 	0
torn between two worlds , trey hides from his discomfort in an increasingly dangerous sexual addiction that threatens to destroy not only his new startup ideas , it may destroy his life . 	0
with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit . 	0
a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion . 	0
jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 	0
documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california . 	0
yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out . 	0
what they soon realize , though , is they are not alone in hypertime . 	0
lynn and yan shared an unspoken love in the past which is now rekindled in the open , and lynn begins to question whether she wants to continue to be an assassin . 	0
in cinemania , hollywood's biggest fans become the true stars . 	0
a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 	0
he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because of his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother was killed . 	0
he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there . 	0
two brothers along with an ensemble of fresh talent made all this possible and were brought into the light . 	0
upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in . 	0
while everybody else sweats and frets , jim's dad is cool while giving advice and getting ready for one of the best days of his life . 	0
an account of screenwriter charlie kaufman's ( cage ) attempt to adapt susan orlean's ( streep ) non-fiction book the orchid thief , which is the story of john laroche ( cooper ) , a plant dealer who clones rare orchids then sells them to collectors . 	0
real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility . 	0
all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . 	0
now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper . 	0
a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . . 	0
with his new job at the tire store beginning tomorrow , he has one last night to reverie before starting what his wife , jolynn , calls their " new life . " 	0
the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world . 	0
he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 	0
in fact , she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to washington d . c . to get an anti-animal testing bill passed . 	0
run ronnie run is a heart warming spin-off from the cult hit hbo series " mr . 	0
django is a character that decides to fight against his luck because he doesn't accept the poverty he's destined for . 	0
in this way , we will find space between these to fit smaller stones , our small necessities . 	0
suddenly a hand can do something no hand has done before and lips something no lips have ever done . 	0
lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics . 	0
roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 	0
mirabelle falls in love with the glamorous ray , and her life takes a magical turn , but eventually she realizes that she must empower herself and make a choice between them . 	0
his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 	0
but how can graham really fall in love with her when he sees each time as the first time ? 	0
neither juan antonio nor se&#241 ; or maximiliano know what they are in for when the tables are turned by the sly carmen . 	0
this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem . 	0
love is a disaster for marie and her best friend liz . 	0
ron launius ( josh lucas ) , billy deverell ( tim blake nelson ) , barbara richardson ( natasha gregson wagner ) and joy miller ( janeane garofalo ) were brutally murdered , and ron's wife susan ( christina applegate ) was left in critical condition . 	0
set against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches . 	0
three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time . 	0
on this morning , johnny wakes to his mother's accusations that he has botched a simple scam , leaving them without enough money to payoff their inside man . 	0
helmut busch ( now bruno ) will fall in love with adela , one of the activists , and that faces him into a dilema because he has orders to kill the head of the group where the young woman serves as a militant . 	0
how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 	0
to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love . 	0
with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt's travel agency ( again making her father think it's his idea ) . 	0
it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 	0
a corrupt cop is more interested in the money on the criminals he catches than justice ; a young woman discovers she's pregnant , and her boyfriend is unfeeling ; and a young man calls a prostitute it's the first time for both , and neither can go through with it . 	0
amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the excitingly undermedicated bitch goddess trasha enters the frame , cutting kyle off from his friends and their vacuous and unencumbered world of beer and porn . 	0
but still , the killings do not stop with his death . 	0
the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 	0
they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room . 	0
he has the wrong blood type to be able to donate one of his kidneys , so he arranges a trade with a group of organ dealers : one of his kidneys , and 10 million won , in return for their finding a kidney for his sister . 	0
as jake and sam bicker throughout their trek across majestic india , they find kabir , a museum curator who possesses an artifact which he claims can produce the musical tone required to open the door to the temple . 	0
however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere . 	0
after the fellowship has broken , merry and pippin , taken by orcs , make new allies in the ents , while legolas , gimli and aragorn make allies in the people of rohan , and all of them must launch an assault on isengard . 	0
 " secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives . 	0
the lover literally searches the ends of the earth , the possessed child follows in the hopes that the lover will lead him to his quarry . 	0
before they can begin repairing and towing the ghost ship towards harbor , the crew encounters a series of bizarre ocurrences , and the group becomes trapped inside the ship . 	0
michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had . 	0
decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 	0
he has a vast knowledge of modern photography and develops photos for various customers at the sav-mart . 	0
now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . " 	0
here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 	0
to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running away from . 	0
facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love . 	0
while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of " family values . " 	0
trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 	0
charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 	0
ghisu and rupi are now promoted as commanders of their new dalam . 	0
regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse . 	0
eddie is investigated and forced to exile himself from his family until the matter is dealt with . 	0
when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 	0
everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators . 	0
leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager . 	0
against the background of an australian desert landscape , so much space and so few people , sandy , a geologist , and hiromitsu , a japanese businessman , play out a story of human inconsequence in the face of the blistering universe . 	0
stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's 	0
as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 	0
his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt . 	0
nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death . 	0
but can it succeed against a seemingly stronger terminator ? 	0
one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession . 	0
by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ? 	0
it is a journey that will take both carol and charlie to the edge of reality . 	0
time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer . 	0
from classrooms to dorm rooms , it's hard to keep it together when you can't even find the door . 	0
he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds . 	0
since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother . 	0
meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 	0
he was arrested for dealing drugs , he spent five years in jail and was banned from france for two years . 	0
mother turns out to be his crazy accomplice in mass murder and his quest for immortality . 	0
july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death . 	0
but after he's done his " day job " matt takes on a secret identity as " the man without fear , " daredevil , the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of hell's kitchen and new york city to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom . 	0
sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future . 	0
annie , an alluring lady , catches the eye of old widower leoncio . 	0
based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology . 	0
but the memories of their time together lingers inside their hearts . 	0
high in the mountains of macedonia a team of young film makers are making a documentary about katerina vandeva - a descendant of an ancient and very famous family . 	0
the 'fun and games' in which louis and hilary involve soledad are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship . 	0
however , ruby's encounters suffer from impotence and unexplained rashes . 	0
sean , the more rebellious of the two , gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the irish mob . 	0
the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window . 	0
it is marta's simple video that proves to be the most compelling , triggering a series of events that effects all five students and forces them to re-evaluate their own belief in the power of motion pictures . 	0
he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight . 	0
dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 	0
story of annette kellerman , the international swimming vaudeville and silent screen star whose life story inspired the mgm classic million dollar mermaid starring esther williams , which featured lavish busby berkeley scenes . 	0
the quest is hope and the passions that drive us in this search . 	0
guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction . 	0
dance teacher ramu leaves india to go to america and join his cousin who is rich and successful . 	0
it is the weekend and the lottery office is closed . 	0
their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block . 	0
then after rumers spread that he was a communist he was blacklisted from hollywood forever . 	0
once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave . 	0
however , finch also has a dilemma when , after wise words from stifler , stifler's mom and stifler's dad ( played by tim allen ) decide to renew their vows , and get married again . 	0
he's got a crush on the sexy young blonde , billy , who he met at an orgy the other night . 	0
clashing their swords in fiece mortal combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black pearl ship , save the british navy , and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the pirates of the caribbean . 	0
in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 	0
he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others . 	0
at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 	0
with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 	0
it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill . 	0
touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 	0
financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league . 	0
she challenges isabel's authority and is prepared to break her family ties and sacrifice her faith for love . 	0
lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown . 	0
but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer . 	0
it has been 10 years since a 13 year old eve has left her homeland and emigrated in nyc with her parents . 	0
the remaining friends must now rescue the captives , while desperately trying to avoid the long arm of the law . 	0
the porn business prospered greatly due to many of the movies he appeared in . 	0
the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brad hunt ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's suicide . 	0
an un-relentless action film that will attract , through word of mouth , all those hooked on gaming on their pc's and drag them back into the cinema auditoriums . 	0
she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 	0
in the near future a young biker leaves his crumbling life in rural ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' as it tours the cities of europe . 	0
he moves around the urban landscape from park bench to bus bench with his best friend , an aging dog named bones . 	0
bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 	0
now , it's up to kimberly , along with the help of flight 180 junkie thomas burke , clear rivers , and the mortician william bloodworth , kimberly must find a way to stop death before it's to late . . . 	0
the whole crew has come to depend on his realizing it . 	0
it tells a hard-hitting story of some of the people's lives which are affected by letters delivered by " the lady in red " night mail train from london to scotland . 	0
a once-in-a-lifetime chance to experience the free-thinking lifestyle of the '70s . 	0
one day , in a moment of reconciling , the father tells mateo his secret , unleashing a wave of events that will change their lives forever . 	0
jedi knights obi-wan kenobi and anakin skywalker discover there is more than meets the eye behind an assassination attempt on naboo senator padm&#233 ; amidala's life . 	0
one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 	0
the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist . 	0
he is sensitive and compassionate , speaks french fluently , is passionate about voltaire , and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands . 	0
her scholarship and her dreams are on the line and jenny takes an emotional roller coaster ride on the path to work it out . 	0
lapd detective sergeant mitch preston cares only about doing his job and nailing crooks . 	0
she's telling her story because she wants to set the record straight , to correct the lies in natalie's book , which became a bestseller . 	0
this is a man's man , a ladies man , a super-hero : he's ted davis : " bachelorman " when the woman of his dreams , " heather " moves in next door , ted's ordeal begins . 	0
stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again . 	0
in the year 2009 , a new drug known as blood heat is developed . 	0
tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 	0
based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 	0
on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . " 	0
all that quickly changes when frodes father is going out with his new girlfriend mette , who hates children . 	0
gradually we learn of joe's past relationship with the dead woman . 	0
filippo , the official translator , believes in her innocence , and conceives a plan for her escape . 	0
new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 	0
stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her italian footballer husband . 	0
that's right , a place where people come together . . . 	0
on an african safari , eliza thornberry discovers that thanks to a shaman , she can now talk to animals . 	0
academy award nominee diane lane stars as frances mayes , a 35-year-old san francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour . 	0
the end isn't just being yourself all it takes to find your niche ? 	0
living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister , she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the pipe masters surf competition . 	0
she's at a dead end , married to edgar ( henry thomas ) , a petty thief who had his shot and missed long ago , but is too dense to realize it . 	0
each of the five patients realise their dreams individually , but ultimately they decide to choose for each other and the familiarity of their own place . 	0
at the same time , mickey steals money from an apartment to help himself and carlos to fulfill their ambitions - with tragic consequences . 	0
anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) . 	0
forced to move back to his old job at a pizza parlor and into a rundown tenement where a number of oddballs wander the hall including a lonely middle aged woman ( mary coleston ) who makes spam casseroles for all the bachelors , a daffy prostitute ( krystina carson ) , and a spanish don juan ( manual cabra ) who wanders the halls in his bathrobe . 	0
only one person can eventually solve the crisis : stefan balsiger himself . 	0
moved in his heart with the urgency to reach out for christ , he gets an idea to try and reach the masses in his city for jesus . 	0
andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life . 	0
mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels . 	0
max plays it cool as he infiltrates beno's palace stronghold in the steamy jungle of the yucatan . 	0
an edgy indie-psychological drama about an alluring but mixed-up l . a . girl who flip-flops between facing life's uncertainty under her own direction or " the good life " provided by a wealthy , disturbing middle-aged benefactor . 	0
after losing his and young son to divorce , he finds no alternative but to kidnap the boy inevitably dragging him through a harrowing journey of grief and as he learns to accept himself . 	0
they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 	0
the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with . 	0
a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her . 	0
meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 	0
and this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel , and kidnapping austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel powers . 	0
craig is an older , average-looking man who isn't handling aging well . 	0
as they make their way to the city from suburban pennsylvania , april must endure a comedy of errors - like finding out her oven doesn't work - in order to pull off the big event . 	0
five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released . 	0
with this relation the characters will discover lot of things about their past . 	0
an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 	0
however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated . 	0
atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons . 	0
fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money . 	0
leading his army of women into the surrounding mountain glens , dionysus casts a spell on the city's females , who abandon their husbands and fathers in order to engage in forbidden revels . 	0
a retired emerald smuggler , robert , is convinced by his contact in brazil to come to rio and assist him with a lucrative deal . 	0
the hand that eluded him his entire life , the one that held the cigarettes , and the hand he will never hold again . 	0
when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) . 	0
dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 	0
but even greater dangers lie ahead when jim discovers that his trusted friend silver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny on his mind . 	0
calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 	0
to define 'family' , guy must seek beyond what he can see , touch , taste , smell or hear . 	0
but events spiral out of control , and before the summer ends she will experience frustrated desire , first love , and a broken heart . 	0
he returns to chris who then sends him with the money he got from the drugs , to an old racist drunk gunrunner named harry , to buy a gun . 	0
alenka indulges in the belief that her lover is dead in order to account for his absence . 	0
alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories . 	0
his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated . 	0
while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital . 	0
arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt . 	0
the writer creates a story of a elderly man who seeks happiness because of the recent lose of his wife . 	0
but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him . 	0
after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) . 	0
the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined " koilos " the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . 	0
 " washington heights " tells the story of carlos ramirez , a young illustrator burning to escape the latino neighborhood of the same name to make a splash in new york city's commercial downtown comic book scene . 	0
people on the site work monotonously , in a fervor , then dazed , trance-like . 	0
when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins . 	0
for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 	0
desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works . 	0
whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory . 	0
the guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality , making matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms . 	0
yet ridiculed on his views toward aids testing by fellow actors and actresses . 	0
to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 	0
josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil intentions of dump fast , only has there just been quite a fight between the two lifelong friends . 	0
vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day . 	0
kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves . 	0
upon arriving in los reyes , the ambitious father amaro meets amelia , a beautiful 16-year-old girl whose religious devotion soon becomes helplessly entangles in a growing attraction to the new priest . 	0
the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 	0
a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa . 	0
one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . . 	0
after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) . 	0
will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ? 	0
regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 	0
while mitchell is there , his mother shows up to get the gun . 	0
at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor . 	0
all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies . 	0
new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 	0
j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 	0
a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 	0
it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream . 	0
when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 	0
the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 	0
isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world . 	0
the widow falls for the brit , who pretends to be in the fishing business but is actually a professional gambler . 	0
rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 	0
because he is in debt , dewey poses as his roommate , a substitute teacher , and gets a job teaching a 4th grade class . 	0
 " what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? " 	0
her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean . 	0
it is left to the inept johnny english ( rowan atkinson ) to try and solve who has stolen the crown jewels from the tower of london . 	0
poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 	0
as night falls , the terrified group of young athletes must fight their own fears and prejudices and come together in a seemingly hopeless struggle asainst a winged nightmare , hellbent on stockpiling as many victims as it can on the ultimate night of its grizzly , ritual feast . 	0
this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates . 	0
but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects . 	0
after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him . 	0
in the first trip in november 2001 , majidi visited the refugee camp of makaki in a taliban controlled area and mile 46 , another small camp situated in a northern alliance held area . 	0
the path becomes blurred and treacherous and peter learns that only by relying on the strength of strangers will he be able to heal himself . 	0
the sister kills herself when she finds out there is no money to pay for her transplant , and while he is burying her body near the stream they used to play in , the daughter accidentally drowns . 	0
once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies . 	0
in all , the film examines a destructive relationship that struggles with even the simplest decisions . 	0
as for joe , he is bent on revenge for the beating he took , and soon he has a new prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; brad ( rick schroder ) who is just as good if not better then johnny . 	0
the filming began in april 1999 , when peace was still at the top of the agenda , and finished march 2001 , in month seven of the bloody al aqsa intifada . 	0
the two are catapulted into the chase of their lifetimes in pursuit of the kidnapped professor and the lost temple . 	0
and so he does , at the risk of exposing the ugly truth beneath his false facade . 	0
they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china . 	0
at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes . 	0
so he starts to write an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin . 	0
over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown's detroit era . 	0
graffiti removal : the act of removing tags and graffiti by painting over them . 	0
then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 	0
in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale . 	0
this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . 	0
blake now starts to sink into the scary , twisted world of the master where sharing , sacrifice and loyalty take on bizarre and dangerous new meanings . 	0
but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost . 	0
it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 	0
but billy's not into him ^&#214 ; he's in love with sonny , a musician into sm . 	0
a happy young couple , sarah and tom ( brittany murphy and ashton kutcher ) marry against the wishes of sarah's friends and family and go to europe for their honeymoon . 	0
this compelling undercover documentary is not for the faint of heart , taking you deep into a world where very often pain and blood are the price of glory . 	0
a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory . 	0
bret packard is the best baseball player in the world . 	0
the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 	0
already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 	0
the characters' connect in a maze of situations , underpinning the idea that 'geography is destiny' and that each of us has our own 'republic' , where lives intersect . 	0
when a regular fashion show goes horribly wrong , they are sucked into the nasty but irresistible underworld of bombay . 	0
 " in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . " 	0
not to worry , his two friends tim ( lord jamar ) and sean ( ivan martin ) are self proclaimed singles experts who are willing to help their buddy . 	0
all while jolynn is persued by a masculine , toothpick chewing sheriff . 	0
it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower . 	0
fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him . 	0
she has returned to her family's house in greece after many of her friends and family members have died over the years . 	0
she comes from nothing and finally gets everything , but . . . 	0
truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it . 	0
harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 	0
nicklas lives a pretty normal teenage life , until one day , not far from graduation , when a gangster from his school beats him up . 	0
originally a 30 minute portion for an anthology film , impostor was retooled into a full length feature film . 	0
when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 	0
centuries of tradition place this holy mountain in the sinai peninsula of egypt , but compelling evidence will show that this hallowed ground , where moses was told to take the shoes of his feet before the burning bush , may actually be in the barren deserts of northwestern saudi arabia . 	0
this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie . 	0
tim , who had scoffed at nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal , can only watch as nick's fortune -- and tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions . 	0
eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 	0
and if she's lucky , she may find love along the way . 	0
this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 	0
he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 	0
based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach . 	0
gus sits on the sofa and talks about being the world's oldest pothead , who started smoking in 1936 . 	0
george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance . 	0
immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square . 	0
but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father . 	0
it is not long before the doctor realizes that his underworld patient is in love with his own sister , so he decides to take her to malaysia and get her married off . 	0
enter four months later , when it seems reasonable to say that charlie should be feeling better . 	0
filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 	0
so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 	0
sean bateman ( james van der beek ) is the younger brother of psychotic wall street broker patrick bateman . 	0
yet , just beneath the surface , there is an insecurity and fear they cannot face . 	0
finally , the purity of arvasu and nittilai's love brings salvation to the land . 	0
hundert's challenge is to change this young man while maintaining his integrity . 	0
we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back . 	0
he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia . 	0
blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council . 	0
it is also the story of krishna , born of indian parents in america but uncomfortable with his hyphenated existence . 	0
a dark psychological drama , i love your work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get . 	0
beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world . 	0
freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants . 	0
a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 	0
but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself . 	0
it is a look into one of the major social issues of the 21st century , inmigration . 	0
as its 23 horrifying days of flesheating come to an end , the creeper has embarked on its final voracious feeding frenzy in poho county . 	0
ray finds himself feeling cursed , trapped , and miserable as a parade of " injured " clients constantly pressure him for their money , most of which is not deserved . 	0
chris takes mitchell to an abandoned rooftop and threatens him and his mother . 	0
and while bruce is getting everything he wants , he has been ignoring his girlfriend , grace and loses her . 	0
especially when you would much rather want to be one of the cool muslim boys who wears those golden necklages and say cool stuff in arabian . 	0
harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . 	0
when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 	0
for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 	0
when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 	0
their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 	0
there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up . 	0
facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia . 	0
awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride . 	0
tells the important , but little-known story of dismantling segregation in the polite society that was bermuda in the 1950s . 	0
a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain . 	0
ruthie &#38 ; connie demonstrates the wit and wisdom , heartache and joy of these two wonderfully funny and deeply complex women who live their private lives in public and with passion . 	0
all social structures break down and a new world order emerges from the heart of the desert . 	0
an ancient tablet found by famous british archaeologist professor hyde-white is believed to be a roadmap to the legendary lost temple of faramundi and its hidden treasures . 	0
as soon as they blow yakavetta away , it is revealed that the macmanus father and sons have been hiding out deep in the glens and valleys of ireland for three years . 	0
hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno . 	0
stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 	0
she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives . 	0
when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 	0
her father invented the world panorama for use by the authorities , but was turned down . 	0
but convincing his lifelong friend is just the beginning . 	0
in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island . 	0
a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend . 	0
when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck . 	0
four friends journey down life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 	0
not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . 	0
will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 	0
chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 	0
a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 	0
unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta . 	0
two bouty hunters arrive to take prosit along to durango but prosit ascapes with jimmy and make him a lot of promises about a gold mine . 	0
when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey . 	0
but someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it , is for all the people who summoned it to die . 	0
including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 	0
april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 	0
but now , hell is coming back as that black haired , winged creature of doom that kyle described is coming back to town . 	0
while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes . 	0
according to eric and ami's passive-aggressive mother who refuses to accept that her daughter is an adult ( jessica walters ) , that answer is " yes " . 	0
tabloid journalist annika bengtzon is writing about a murder in the port of stockholm and she suspects that the yugoslav mafia is involved . 	0
but then nora is revealed and tactics need to be changed . 	0
this holds particularly true for blacky , a white teen who is more interested in books than sport , and his best friend , dumby , the aboriginal star of the team . 	0
the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions . 	0
winslow had abandoned the experiments long ago , however ex-patient/caretaker , " ernst " ( michael zelnicker ) has developed a symbiotic , telepathic relationship with the rodents , and they thrive off of each other . 	0
however , love conquers all and . . . a close group of friends return to their hometown to face the reality of how their friendships and promises have altered and dissipated . 	0
all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 	0
the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence . 	0
but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison . 	0
so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment ! 	0
danny is antagonized by undercover narcotics agents ( anthony lapaglia and doug hutchison ) and sadistic dealer pooh bear ( vincent d'onfronio ) . 	0
only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates . 	0
but things are not always what they may look like . 	0
kidnapper jash uploads the video clip of anna being tortured onto the internet , which instantly becomes the talk of hong kong . 	0
it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later . 	0
set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese . 	0
shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 	0
beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 	0
the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life . 	0
when a vindictive inspector from the board of education invades their paradise , promising to shut them down , the members of this eccentric and highly dysfunctional family somehow find a way to pull together and win the day . 	0
when a prank goes terribly wrong landing a kid in the hospital , landon is assigned to tutor a young student on the weekends and participate in the drama club's spring play . 	0
extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world . 	0
his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight . 	0
william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale . 	0
pacino , connery , de nero , schwarzenegger - together on film - for the first time . . . 	0
the gripping story of the dutch bettien martens , based on true facts . 	0
the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved . 	0
with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 	0
he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced . 	0
the story begins in the demilitarised zone between north and south korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via hong kong to cuba and london where bond meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence . 	0
dantes is imprisoned on the island prison of chateau d'lf for 13 years , where he plots revenge against those who betrayed him . 	0
chris forces mitchell to deliver guns and drugs while he hangs out on a rooftop and freaks out all day . 	0
a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . . 	0
vijay singh rajput ( amitabh bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank . 	0
paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust . 	0
edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 	0
only through tremendous will and uncanny luck did he once again rise as the kid who stays in the picture . 	0
the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation . 	0
the guy , named cheung , is in his thirties . 	0
many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 	0
kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry . 	0
after three rowdy guys get booted from their frat house , they dress up as women and pledge the " ugly girl " sorority , where they figure they'll blend right in . 	0
at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 	0
beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 	0
they get away in their mini coopers , which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears . 	0
nothing , and no one , is as it seems , in this adaptation of graham greene's classic and prophetic story of love , betrayal , murder and the origin of the american war in southeast asia . 	0
in " house of 1000 corpses " , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . 	0
the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 	0
lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs . 	0
 " mudbloods " ( people of muggle families ) are " petrified " by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . 	0
polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive . 	0
may is a young strange girl who had a very disturbed childhood and does not still know the meaning of true friendship or love . 	0
an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections . 	0
but his yearning for expression , love and devotion stays unsatisfied . 	0
older brothers and a brother-in-law are in his way . 	0
he throws a book and as soon as it lands it's back where he picked it up . 	0
in 8 minutes we go into the life of a little boy who tries to get away with not doing his task . 	0
one day , a girl walks into his store , who looks like larry's lost love from morocco . 	0
heart problems force boston cop pally lamarr to retire ; he's in a funk and his wife charlotte sends him packing . 	0
tempest productions journeys to the heart of the anime subculture in search of answers . 	0
he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them . 	0
they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) . 	0
turns out lonnie earl has a thing for candy , and when evidence of this starts to surface , things really start to heat up . 	0
lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel . 	0
it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both . 	0
he is intelligent and has a sense of humour . 	0
but when she escapes a horrific car accident , she finds herself in death's path of destruction . 	0
his dog is missing and he suspects the people at work might be behind it . 	0
he must fend off beings that seek to gain control over the mysterious black mass . 	0
the chase is on - the russians , whose dna code it is that mattie has in her backpack , and a group of terrorists compete to get the code from the person they all assume has it , gerry . 	0
the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 	0
hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car . 	0
in this action comedy feature film , 'superbob' utilizes his highflying karate mastery and investigative techniques to tackle the ruthless big yard . 	0
this doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him . 	0
his next target is a russian immigrant named tasha , whom quinn is misled into believing is a drug courier . 	0
learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 	0
a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter . 	0
recently ordained a priest , 24-year-old father amaro is sent to a small parish church in los reyes , mexico to assist the aging father benito in his daily work . 	0
the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 	0
john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 	0
will god let her fall or give her a new path ? 	0
william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 	0
but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 	0
this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at " the new republic " for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . 	0
though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true . 	0
craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 	0
her dream fades away - until she discovers that the money was hidden in the heel . 	0
together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 	0
there follow three months of exhausting interrogation and isolation . 	0
when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo . 	0
just like any other elevator in any old building . 	0
hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans . 	0
mystery inc . ( daphne , fred , velma , shaggy , and scooby doo ) has broken up ; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases . 	0
adapted from a monologue in his " blue jam " radio series , chris morris' first short film is a haunting black comedy about a man who no longer uses his name because he's decided he's ceased to deserve one , and a dog called rothko who says he is the man's lawyer . 	0
an epic journey across an unforgiving landscape that will test their very will to survive . 	0
the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 	0
in the course of the investigation , he discovers that his own unresolved pain and failures as a father have deeply influenced joey's life , and now his 18-month-old grandson may be fated to follow their self-destructive paths . 	0
welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 	0
jonathan ecks ( antonio banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal combat , in order to defeat a common enemy . 	0
realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . " 	0
after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process . 	0
chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines . 	0
after confining herself in her home for two months , to rehabilitate , physically and mentally , she is persuaded by friends and family to get out of her inner prison and face the world . 	0
it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains . 	0
three teenagers hit a homeless girl with their car , scared , they drive away , leaving the girl to die on the streets . 	0
the ringwraiths return in an even more frightening form . 	0
this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results . 	0
'insignificant other' , a hitchcockian version of sex and the city , follows the intersecting lives of two couples having extramarital affairs , who live lives of paranoia , wondering if their significant other has found out . 	0
at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 	0
the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) . 	0
edgar , duncan's sixty year old , distant father , doesn't understand the strange manifestations of his son's mourning . 	0
the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c . 	0
the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . . 	0
and that's the trick-it's a gay cruise-liner for gay men to make out . 	0
 " issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's . 	0
the accident leaves matt blind but also gives him a heightened " radar sense " that allows him to " see " far better than any man . 	0
in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 	0
but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams . 	0
the paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours . 	0
shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 	0
despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 	0
in the latino neighborhood of new york city's washington heights , two sons of immigrants one dominican , one irish wrestle with ambition and identity , only to discover that sometimes pursuing one's dreams comes at a heavy cost . 	0
this is the story of some of those who left . 	0
they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape . 	0
mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 	0
igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast " old money " family . 	0
after this unusual , tragic experience , paul begins to realize that he has just lost his mom . 	0
as smoochy catapults to fame - scoring hit ratings and the affections of a jaded network executive randolph makes the unsuspecting rhino the target of his numerous outrageous attempts to exact revenge and reclaim his status as america's sweetheart . 	0
aussie adventurer steve irwin aka the crocodile hunter has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc , hoping to save it from poachers . 	0
when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 	0
after finding the plane and its crew torn to shreds , the group tries to piece together clues about what could be responsible for the carnage . 	0
in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point . 	0
the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski . 	0
in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film . 	0
stryker puts into motion a plan to eradicate the mutants and begins an offensive on the x-men mansion and school . 	0
the story of the couple is told to a woman in a nursing home ( rowlands ) by an old man who regularly visits to read her the story from a notebook . 	0
ancanar is on a constant search for what no one knew . 	0
 " sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo . 	0
it's been 10 years since the events of the second film . 	0
comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 	0
sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school . 	0
god appears in human form ( freeman ) and , endowing bruce with divine powers , challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better . 	0
dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients . 	0
after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan . 	0
a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show . 	0
as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption . 	0
born and raised in the city , sang-woo quickly comes into conflict with his old-fashioned grandmother and his new rural surroundings . 	0
it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 	0
ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work . 	0
lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 	0
standard story of a biker gang taking over a town is not saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean patrcik flanery as the avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with the help of an old codger ( robert forster ) . 	0
along comes sonja , who wants to know how the horny tale he's now working on will end . 	0
daphne then must struggle with a snobby half-sister and with following the social obligations expected of her while maintaining her own identity . 	0
 " a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . 	0
she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 	0
mostly centered on indianapolis , this film puts this problem ( which many assume to be an urban phenomenon ) firmly in the heartland of the usa . 	0
the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats . 	0
billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman ! 	0
five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' . 	0
arthur herk , a corrupt business owner , wants to get his hands on the case . 	0
she trails the couch through a quirky landscape populated by hasidim in brooklyn , holocaust survivors and ex-communists in hungary , and , finally , the next generation of formerly-hasidic jews on the margins of their communities in new york and israel . 	0
suddenly , patricia becomes suspicious that this arrogant man can't be her beloved husband . 	0
overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings . 	0
resort to an all-night crime spree that nets them a ten thousand dollar reward for their own crimes , thanks to a bizarre twist of fate . 	0
but things go very wrong when he tries this scheme on the jennings family , in part because their daughter abby is asthmatic , and in part because the jennings' find out more than hickley wants them to know . 	0
he was married to former adult star <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20laurie " >laurie 	0
once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife . 	0
the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 	0
a bounty hunter is on the trail of a conman who skipped bail . 	0
her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 	0
fly along with skilled helicopter crews as they carry out sea and mountain rescues , apprehend drug smugglers , repair high voltage lines , save endangered animals , deliver humanitarian aid , and undertake a reconnaissance mission . 	0
lando , after knowing the situation , attempted to kill roman . 	0
but coney island's finest its hot dog lady , rollercoaster operator , cotton candy vendor and performing freak have their own way of doing things . 	0
unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her " curse " to be broken ! 	0
after running circles , dave , trudy , and jolynn find with the light of a new day the lives they been meaning to live . 	0
soon , she begins to receive strange phone calls from jennifer , her dead best friend , who has supposedly come back from the dead to avenge her death . 	0
in the process , he comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 	0
occupied france 1944 : in the castle , their local headquarters , the german officers decide to organize a party . 	0
everyone around graham has their reasons why he should or shouldn't fully recover . . . 	0
what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ? 	0
crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? " 	0
at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 	0
however , this task is going to be more difficult than he could ever have imagined . 	0
sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 	0
as asked in the first movie , what sort of people name their son gay m . focker ? 	0
petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way . 	0
after a wild session of lovemaking , dawn goes for a walk . 	0
as they sort out clues - it's a slight person , perhaps a woman , who walks with a leg brace and rides the bus - they also find a mutual attraction . 	0
he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals . 	0
they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake . 	0
the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . " 	0
this was also a time , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when a man tried to cope with the loss of his former lover . 	0
rosetta projects seduction scenes from movie clips onto ruby , which absorbs as she sleeps . 	0
tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen . 	0
jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 	0
his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 	0
new york fashion designer melanie carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor . 	0
the career of a disillusioned producer , who is desperate for a hit , is endangered when his star walks off the film set . 	0
writer-director steven soderbergh follows up ocean's 11 with the low-budget 'full frontal' , his first digitally shot film . 	0
but sam decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids , and he's got some thingfs to learn from them . 	0
whenever the victim watches it , the phone rings , telling them they have only one week to live . 	0
contributors include : director mimi leder , editor anne v . coates , producer gail katz and director claudia weill . 	0
with just hours left , can the code be broken to save the world from total annihilation ? 	0
gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment . 	0
also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man . 	0
chomsky's voice may be unpopular , but his incisive arguments , based on decades of research and analysis , are heard and considered in this chronicle comprised of interview footage , and various talks he's given . 	0
after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 	0
unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting . 	0
unable to resist the sexual lure of the maenads' holy eroticism , pentheus attempts to join in only to be torn , literally limb from limb , by the frenzied bacchae . 	0
they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal . 	0
peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . . 	0
but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck . 	0
 " underground poets railroad " is equal parts concert film of performances at universities , churches , fire stations and national monuments across the country ; road trip documentary ; and , ultimately , a tribute to the 12 black firefighters who gave their lives on september 11 . 	0
set in the early 1970's , this is the tale of a young man whose fiancee has been killed , but who finds himself falling for another woman even while he is still living with his fiancee's grieving parents and being drawn into the legal battle to bring her killer to justice . 	0
separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . . 	0
as young julien , his family and a group of friends traverse the french countryside after fleeing the institution they called home , julien must deal with his father's extreme violence and his mother's rosy fantasies and once again form a family that society tries to forget . 	0
family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax . 	0
as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 	0
rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth . 	0
on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 	0
that is , until he falls in love with a cocktail waitress ( maria bello ) and gets " lady luck , " which throws the situation into reverse . 	0
but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . . 	0
zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 	0
the story goes that she can't go in the light , and if you wake up and see her , she'll kill you . 	0
arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting . 	0
they wander around japan in panda outfits , wreak havoc on a once civilized golf court , they even do stunts involving live alligators , and so on . 	0
in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 	0
she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love . 	0
second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 	0
shot independently over a 24-hour period , the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers , as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse . 	0
the girl's lover thinks she's been kidnapped , and goes looking for her . 	0
it seems that vince's sister , sara , has shown up too , about 22 years after she was abducted and murdered . 	0
ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 	0
when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally . 	0
harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 	0
the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon . 	0
thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster . 	0
but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 	0
when tony takes her on a private cruise from greece to italy , amber is unimpressed at this impromptu no-frills vacation , and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate , giuseppe ( adriano giannini ) . 	0
when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make . 	0
upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 	0
a love story played out against a backdrop of political and religious upheaval . 	0
they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 	0
as dex prepares to do battle with herb , he must also deal with all the intricacies it takes to make a relationship work . 	0
now , kimberly , along with the other survivors , must find a way to save themselves . . . 	0
thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury . 	0
michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet . 	0
he asks for the help of his arch-nemesis , dr . hannibal " the cannibal " lecter , so that he can be able to catch " the tooth fairy " and bring him to justice . 	0
this movie attempts to reconstruct the bankruptcy of the banco ambrosiano bank and its liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto calvi , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in london in june 1982 . 	0
the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall . 	0
only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 	0
it is one of the last true medieval maximum-security penal farms in the country . 	0
the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives . 	0
keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician . 	0
mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case . 	0
chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 	0
the kind of women that own every room they walk into , and who think of all men as 'boys' . 	0
a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives . 	0
sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army . 	0
under the queen's wrathful gaze , tops are bottomed , tranny sailors seduce pirate captains , kings are mothers and cross-dressing femmes pack a wallop . 	0
the super 16mm black and white film was shot in a remote farm in argentina . 	0
no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water . 	0
the taxi driver is a serial killer who picks up innocent women but not all of his victims are as innocent as he thinks . 	0
when the predatory couple manipulates a " legal " real estate transaction that turns into a hostile possession of the manor house , he temporarily loses his mind , leaving his family but not the farm . 	0
she becomes part of anita's world , but events do not run smoothly . 	0
a single-minded man focused on finding the girl of his dreams the perfect vision he's created in his mind's eye . 	0
due to intense family pressure , they try everything they can but eventually learn that maryam is infertile . 	0
showing this beautiful city as seen through the eyes of it's favorite son in his most frantic moments . 	0
but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul . 	0
based on the classic sci-fi novel by h . g . wells , " the time machine " stars guy pearce in the role of scientist and inventor , alexander hartdegen , who is determined to prove that time travel is possible . 	0
the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 	0
though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other . 	0
the mutation , however , remains dormant , and is passed on to his son , bruce . 	0
in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in . 	0
he meets god and is given all the powers of god . 	0
after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ? 	0
a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top . 	0
loonies is a touching comedy about five psychiatric patients who are forced to exchange their familiar surroundings for an old-fashioned , impersonal institution . 	0
soon , they discover that their x-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground , from the air , and in the sea , ruled by an evil entity in the house of the dead . . . 	0
but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed . 	0
 ( hamlet ) privilege seeks to produce a subliminal confrontation with its ever-shifting subject matter , much as the body is reputed to create vortexes of healing and repose in response to traumas . 	0
after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 	0
the end of the journey leaves no-one capable of going back to where they started from . 	0
this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 	0
the plan goes by smoothly , but troubles comes when ray actually falls in love with eva . 	0
what if hitler didn't die in berlin at the end of the war ? 	0
the camera cuts back and forth between gus and grace : he talks about what a great driver he is , she says he's a lousy driver . 	0
a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox . 	0
how can neil and stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each others arms ? 	0
phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left . 	0
after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried . 	0
uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill . 	0
the men are reasonably challenged with the the bizzare situation . 	0
even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters . 	0
in 2001 some 20 , 000+ souls made a pilgrimage to the black rock desert to practice radical self-expression and self-reliance in a temporary , commerce-free community . 	0
epic myth becomes burning truth on the mountain of fire . 	0
fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 	0
it deals with a whole lot of fun , romance and suspense . 	0
in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 	0
are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ? 	0
there is the mother and the father , who don't seem to have a normal marriage anymore , there's the daughter , lena , who has a disease and will soon leave the house for medical treatment in switzerland , and her husband harry , who has a mysterious past . 	0
he tries to recapture the past , and make some sense of his life , that of his friends and family , and the present state of his native country . 	0
in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices . 	0
cruise's character has the tables turned on him when he is accused of a future crime and must find out what brought it about and stop it before it can happen in the year 2054 , a so-called " pre-crime division " is working around washington , dc . 	0
an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend . 	0
the ensuing road trip packs even more slapstick and locker room humor into an " already-bursting " movie . 	0
his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody . 	0
the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave . 	0
a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 	0
but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced . 	0
try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 	0
ted norwood summons all his resistance to finally quit his seemingly successful carreer , only to be outmaneuvered by a powerful executive who barely even notices that she's in a test of wills . 	0
based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 	0
through intimate vignettes of the milliner family , tiz's close-knit crew , his pregnant girlfriend , his overzealous manager , and his mentor , the legendary kool g rap , tiz's hopes and the quiet despair of his " book of life filled with pain " gradually emerge . 	0
meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news . 	0
everybody , especially the police captain , refuses to believe nick's story , and soon the harbor will be filled with boats for the 4th of july celebrations . . . 	0
they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 	0
forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get . 	0
further complicating her isolated existence , alicia's high school principal compels her to pay a reluctant visit on the still-hospitalized deanna . 	0
so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind . 	0
during the process of the post-crash discussion , the attorney accidentally drops the papers he needs to present in court . 	0
this film deals with a little-known period in the life of celebrated brazilian filmmaker and political activist glauber rocha . 	0
the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient . 	0
documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth . 	0
over the next few days , united by nothing more than their common suffering , the two young women form an unlikely friendship to cope with the tragic events that threaten to overwhelm them . 	0
they grew up sharing a special relationship , in which they existed only to each other . 	0
but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain . 	0
most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 	0
terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student . 	0
using surveillance , bribery and conspiracy , han's blonde and busty investigative reporter , fallopia wigglesworth spins a bizarre web of deceit to net her young and vulnerable prey . 	0
it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 	0
a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings . 	0
complicating matters further is the fact that commitment-shy dex unexpectedly meets marcia , the girl of his dreams . 	0
like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard . 	0
he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad . 	0
he is almost to school when a red neck attacks him . 	0
and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children . 	0
he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 	0
a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged . 	0
una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff . 	0
stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence . 	0
lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital . 	0
the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care . 	0
families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community . 	0
beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present . 	0
calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the nba . 	0
on his way he gets again and again into situations of obsessive self-uncovering . 	0
will raja be able to convince the doctor and munnabhai about his love ? 	0
in the end , will extreme dating lead to true love ? 	0
through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems . 	0
on scene is a famous greek actress , marina , who is to play the main role , a character based on the life of lilly , a woman from athens who played an outstanding role in the resistance , but later arrested by the bureau of security police , a notorious torture center . 	0
several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 	0
on the day a young photographer is moving out of his place to live with his girlfriend , he meets the stunning girl moving in and falls in love with her at first sight . 	0
a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with . 	0
all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 	0
josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him . 	0
the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story . 	0
at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s . 	0
they end up paying ray , the local " playboy , " $5 , 000 to date her . 	0
the assasins force walter to drive their escape car . 	0
a few days later , during the ancient festival of samhain , a group of american university students moves in a beautiful cottage , surrounded by a lush forest and a majestic lake they are here to learn about the rituals of the ancient druids and other celtic legends . 	0
he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 	0
before long , rosalind has five guys trailing behind her , looking to get their bungling hands on a piece of the action . 	0
in a post communist eastern european country in 1996 the food prices are outrageous and times are tough . 	0
the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction . 	0
but can handsome convince his pals to pull off one last , great cheat with him and outsmarting stark and the system , even if it means possibly destroying their friendships ? 	0
both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 	0
but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands . 	0
he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation . 	0
in order to make something of himself , dean assumes another identity and manages to enter high society . 	0
their task is now cut out for them : plan a - get into the fashion extortion business plan b - stage india's biggest bank robbery to get the diamonds back plan c - decamp with the loot . 	0
the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 	0
tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them . 	0
the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house . 	0
nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark . 	0
after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 	0
in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 	0
we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception . 	0
getting nowhere , jen's mysterious grandma intercedes and casts a spell . 	0
using only a phone , a polaroid camera and his wits , he reclaims control over his life , transforming himself from pawn to puppet master in a wicked tale of revenge . 	0
this idyllic existence is upset by the arrival in the village of anita rutter and her dysfunctional family . 	0
keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own . 	0
in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 	0
embracing the afghan women's cause as a primary commitment , iara lee's short film not only spotlights the despair on both sides of the afghan-pakistan border , but also captures the hope and dignity that still define afghan men , women and children . 	0
a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' . 	0
it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him . 	0
magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker . 	0
ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill . 	0
she marches coldly through her day , ignoring him , going about her business . 	0
krueger is able to disguise himself as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason to start murdering on elm street upon his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well . 	0
the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage . 	0
dr . evil and mini-me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with goldmember . 	0
they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 	0
in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 	0
with terry in the corner office , you'll never be late for the morning meeting again . 	0
on new year's eve , 1969 , a flamboyant ragtag troupe of genderbending hippies took the stage of san francisco's palace theater and the cockettes were born . 	0
both they and their wives ami ( meredith salenger ) and claire ( tara westwood ) are dealing with the reality that they are no longer watching mtv , but instead find themselves flipping channels to vh1 . 	0
this sets off an irrevocable chain of events that lead to aravasu losing his love , paravasu desecrating the great sacrifice , the creation of a demon and the deaths of yavakri and raibhya . 	0
enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history . 	0
perceiving his resignation as cowardice , his friends and fiancee give him four white feathers , the symbol of cowardice , but little do they know he's actually going undercover and plans to redeem his honor . 	0
guilt leads him to try to cover it up in the week before the wedding , high jinks ensue . 	0
murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia . 	0
life is not easy when you are called aksel and you're a danish kid who loves meatballs . 	0
but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of . 	0
she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians . 	0
in present-day london , twelve-year-old quinn watches as his mother , a construction engineer , inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber . 	0
a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion . 	0
you see , what makes lucky no ordinary dog is his ability to talk . 	0
keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw . 	0
are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 	0
a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter . 	0
the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 	0
accompanying them is jon's " soulmate , " todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other " circuit friends " the boys make along the way . 	0
while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride . 	0
also , a conservative judge and the attorney general become suspicious of his early release and it's relation to the murdered prisoner . 	0
when valento lets his temper get the better of him , he needs a fall guy , and everyone's favorite dupe rises to the top . 	0
a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto . 	0
in his way , meets prosit , a german villain on a persistant mission to find pots of gold in the superstition montains . 	0
scientists discover that the earth's core is about to stop spinning . 	0
partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 	0
beyond borders is an epic tale of the turbulent romance between two star-crossed lovers set against the backdrop of the world's most dangerous hot spots . 	0
as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit . 	0
witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 	0
mickey kilpatrick is the sweet-natured superintendent of their building , whose loopy dreams of becoming a professional bowler are met with only derision and confusion by his father sean . 	0
but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all . 	0
racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 	0
it is unclear on how he contracted the virus . 	0
setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda . 	0
a comedy about misfits in which a veterinarian becomes involved with a client , whose wife has begun acting like a dog . 	0
we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together . 	0
the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' . 	0
the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 	0
mitch doesn't particular like the idea , especially working with his new partner trey sellars ( eddie murphy ) , a cop who spends much of his time mugging for the cameras mounted inside the car he shares with mitch . 	0
a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you . 	0
day in , day out , the same routine is repeated . 	0
out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother . 	0
but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control . 	0
tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival . 	0
what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 	0
while they think they are driving out the rojas , a local gang that runs the meth trade for bosses in cabo san lucas , rikki is running an elaborate double-cross on his own family . 	0
the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for . 	0
she's not disappointed - oliver turns out to be a nightmare . 	0
nearly a decade after skynet sent back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power over all machines . 	0
will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ? 	0
two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 	0
a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later . 	0
a week or so later the lapd is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room that he's hiding out in and throw him in la county's celebrity wing . 	0
mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 	0
while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder . 	0
then there is the unshakable guilt over his past . 	0
this backfires when katie innocently reagles her school with her inside knowledge of carnal pleasures . 	0
based upon sherman alexie's book of poetry of the same name . 	0
skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 	0
in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa . 	0
fedot the shooter is sent by the czar to find some special food for the foreighn ambassador's visit . 	0
in a last ditch effort to stop memnon from taking over the world , the leaders of the remaining free tribes hire the assassin mathayus to kill the sorceress . 	0
with the help of the huxley prototype they discover they are facing a menace whose very existence is one of the world's greatest mysteries and the only people left to rescue may be themselves . 	0
when a harvard-educated cia agent is killed during an operation , the secret agency recruits his twin brother ( chris rock ) , an african-american street-wise hustler with no idea what's coming for him . 	0
in building a home-made bomb and setting off a plan that fails miserably , her status changes from young widow to that of a criminal in custody . 	0
but billy still has memories of a wife who cheated on him . 	0
or so he thinks until the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney . 	0
nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem . 	0
everything had been going along smoothly until the gang entered their final year of high school and the stakes were upped by the school's principal , mrs . stark . 	0
she has to work in an other run down bar , with no chance to perform her songs . 	0
after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 	0
he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e . 	0
however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does . 	0
connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . 	0
following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 	0
using two separate filmmaking teams ( an all-white crew filming white residents and an all-black camera crew filming black residents ) , two towns of jasper captures very different racial views by townsfolk in jasper , texas , the location for a racially motivated murder of an african american in 1998 . 	0
while the two are falling for each other , the syndicate boss coincidentally sees sienna and hires her as his personal dancer . 	0
if so , then this movie will touch your soul . . . 	0
alex has replaced former roommate nicole ; the ex-best-friend , ex-girlfriend who in true clich&#233 ; form screwed carrie , andy and an a-list director . 	0
but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape . 	0
the case is re-opened when two more bodies are discovered , both pregnant women . 	0
amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the wicked witch trasha comes along and takes kyle away . 	0
the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier ! 	0
hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women . 	0
more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 	0
vir , a young man from a rural village , learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't . 	0
since many people are dead , the tall man is able to make thousands of dwarf slaves for his planet daily in the mormon mausoleum . 	0
after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 	0
in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance . 	0
ajileo journeys from his home in zapotitlan de salinas , a village in southern mexico , makes a perilious border crossing through the desert , and comes to hollywood , where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be . 	0
for diane , oscar fills a void in her life . 	0
believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . 	0
he makes all efforts to bring ghisu back but does not succeed . 	0
is the albino stalking her or watching over her ? 	0
tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 	0
the action-packed caper revolves around a 12-year old girl who , with the help of two friends , robs the state-of-the-art bank where her mother works to acquire the cash needed for a costly operation to save her dying father . 	0
two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country . 	0
after finishing the open examination for form 5 students and applying for an adult identity card , yoyo , eighteen , departs for london to meet a guy introduced by her well-meaning parents in britain . 	0
a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying . 	0
the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 . 	0
documentary and drama carry spielrein's life into the cross-hairs of warring ideologies ( communism , national socialism ) . 	0
what if jesus were born in the year 2002 to a young jewish couple in new york city , instead of bethlehem two millennia ago ? 	0
soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 	0
meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives . 	0
however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way . 	0
new arrival alden pyle ( brendan fraser ) , an idealistic american aid worker , befriends london times correspondent thomas fowler ( michael caine ) . 	0
an enterprising jokester is a member of a local bowling club purely for the purpose of renting out his car park space to nearby workers . 	0
down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star . 	0
dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 	0
when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 	0
when the young and highly repressive king pentheus discovers that his own mother agave has given herself over to this upstart god of wine and erotic joy , he declares a state of war , despite the very stern warnings of cadmus , the former king and the famed prophet teiresias . 	0
yoyo and cheung promise to get marry in order to please their mothers . 	0
we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 	0
they fool around for a while , but forget to get each other's names down at the end of the night . 	0
young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case . 	0
when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 	0
people move along the street immersed in the flow of day-to-day events . 	0
all hell breaks loose when otis tries to help mark outwit his sleazy bookie , setting into play a strange turn of events . 	0
the two men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 	0
syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live . 	0
her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 	0
using previously unseen video footage , the film shows rocha all jerky and with florid rhetoric urging his cuban comrades to embrace the new political and cultural challenges of the age ; outlining his vision of a unified third world ; and expounding on the differences and peculiarities of latin americans and the means by which their revolutionary aims might be achieved . 	0
because the flag is dirty , the teacher asks them to take it home and to wash it . 	0
the more he digs , the more evidence he finds that the overdose may have been attempted murder . 	0
six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 . 	0
nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong . 	0
no one can guess who the next killer will be or how to break the chain . 	0
culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the " hood " . 	0
it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible . 	0
aida ( yvette freemen ) is the overworked er nurse treating frankie's fractures . 	0
with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a " small " problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . 	0
lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm . 	0
yet this highly traditional world is facing profound changes due to the postwar influx of foreign images and ideas in japanese culture . 	0
on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines . 	0
they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings . 	0
before he can do anything about it , though , jed is seduced by jackson's lesbian artist friend . 	0
they embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war torn bosnia . 	0
a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . . 	0
the other members of the po-boys - peter , joseph and guy , are also facing a musician's mid-life crisis in a business that the age 30 is seen as over the hill . 	0
the setting is new york's five points , the most violent part of the world at the time . 	0
her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her best friend , patti , is beginning to think she might never recover . 	0
the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 	0
his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 	0
she must look beyond her history with men into a childhood that stopped short because of a shocking event that she has buried deep inside herself . 	0
but craig wants to be boyfriends , while gary has other issues . 	0
he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 	0
the first : a flight from vancouver to halifax , where charlotte ( rebecca jenkins ) and cecil ( daniel macivor ) , two strangers , meet in seats 3a &#38 ; 3c and fall in love . 	0
an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 	0
soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 	0
seven-year-old sang-woo is left with his grandmother in a remote village while his mother looks for work . 	0
young marrieds lori and tom relocate from chicago to the country where they end up living next to carl , a right-wing radical who beats his wife , helen . 	0
however , his son is a celibate priest who has never had any success with women . . . , ever . 	0
searching for validity , recognition , and truth , he befriends a quirky computer genius and a kickboxing goddess , who all help one another realize what they have been missing from their lives . 	0
august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him . 	0
that's why handsome and his three best friends sammy , victor and the cribsheet genius applebee have banded together and found ways to cheat on their tests all through their school years . 	0
the rules - if one person leaves , everyone loses . 	0
from afar , he falls in love with a female police dispatcher who works directly across the street . 	0
he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been . 	0
a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards . 	0
romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene . 	0
the project of pre-crime , at the time being in a state of trial run , is going to be voted about in the near future . 	0
can the three dons outwit them and not get bluffed by their obvious charms ? 	0
not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back . 	0
shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing . 	0
the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems . 	0
a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously . 	0
at the height of his tv career , chuck barris was recruited by the cia and trained to become a covert operative . 	0
 " the french came and bruoght the gun and the coyote took away the sleepiness " . 	0
it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 	0
the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold . 	0
two young gentlemen ( rupert everett &#38 ; colin firth ) living in 1890s england use the same pseudonym ( " earnest " ) on the sly , which is fine until they both fall in love with women using that name , which leads to a comedy of mistaken identities . . . 	0
a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution . 	0
after tracking down the assassin , she is killed before any information can be driven out of her . 	0
the world around him seemingly comes to a stop ; everything and everybody becomes frozen in time . 	0
the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing . 	0
he discovers that his friend has gone into business , and is successfully breeding black chickens . 	0
things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance . 	0
hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 	0
the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 	0
now &#38 ; forever is a dramatic contemporary love story combining elements of spirituality , heart and integrity . 	0
as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle . 	0
as the days count down , francis comes face to face with his own fear of failure and the spectre of selling out his dreams . 	0
he dumped her right after he got what he wanted without any explanation . 	0
a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls . 	0
an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 	0
exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 	0
a rather odd thing has just just occurred in the life of nerdy high school student peter parker ; after being bitten by a radioactive spider , his body chemistry is mutagenically altered in that he can scale walls and ceilings , and he develops a " spider-sense " that warns him of approaching danger . 	0
as this sacrifice draws to its close , our story begins . 	0
two american tourists on a romantic camping trip are brutally murdered . 	0
gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up . 	0
she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 	0
in the film , " wake " , the fateful reunion of four brothers quickly dissolves into a night of drinking , deceit , perversions , and death . 	0
some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 	0
she claims he is distant and has shut her out . 	0
the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 	0
after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems . 	0
she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ? 	0
some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america . 	0
certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital . 	0
the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah . 	0
calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations . 	0
toledo ( daniel hendler ) , 25 years old , future architect , suffers from an acute jealousy . 	0
in " the hill " , director kurt burk brings us on a voyage through dreams of a lost childhood , to the emptiness of a normal , conditioned life , into a fantastic , surreal dream world that echoes of the past . 	0
mother and daughter hide in the " panic room , " a secret room designed for just such a purpose , but still end up fighting for their lives . . . 	0
he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world . 	0
sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner . 	0
with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 	0
 " the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars . 	0
michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . " 	0
shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife . 	0
four friends sruggling with life meet in the maine woods for their annual hunting trip . 	0
after some time the son and daughter-in-law must depart , leaving the old man alone with his dreams and fading breath . 	0
beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots . 	0
a player in a famous orchestra finds sexual experiences with a russian opera singer , which he enjoys much because his wife has just left due to the fact that he has purchased a porno movie . 	0
shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog . 	0
will they be able to finally destroy the tall man for good ? 	0
he decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept . 	0
the union , however , faces its own internecine battles as factions inside the organization , one led by james p . hoffa ( son of the infamous jimmy hoffa ) , vie for power . 	0
john quincy archibald's son michael collapses while playing baseball as a result of a heart failure . 	0
to pull him out of his now dangerous financial predicament will turns to his wealthy in-laws , spinning a myriad of desperate lies , half-truths and deceptions . 	0
elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni . 	0
what resulted is a stirring and emotional reflection of that day and his experience . 	0
the girls want to do a girly pop song , and the entire jury panel consist of muslim boys ! 	0
now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man . 	0
now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 	0
the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action . 	0
they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . . 	0
while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic . 	0
a demand for money is made and the men wait for payment . 	0
feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own . 	0
enroute , eagle reluctantly comes to the aid of romy , a sassy moll who has just stolen 600 her life . 	0
she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world . 	0
where the trail ends , terror begins soft-spoken 15-year old leland fitzgerald ( gosling ) commits a seemingly senseless murder that shocks his community , affecting both his victim's family and his own . 	0
the son winds up re-creating his father's elusive life in a series of legends and myths inspired by the few facts he knows . 	0
an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone . 	0
when boys fly pulls no punches in exposing this world - men are shown overdosing and engaging in risky behavior - but at the same time , it also shows the sense of community and vitality the parties bring to the men who attend . 	0
a car crash has cut short his promising baseball career , and with his dream of playing in the major leagues destroyed , sean turns to alcohol . 	0
john , and world-famous ice skating star , elena , are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that , in spite of everything happening around them , their love is worth fighting for . 	0
however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever . 	0
in the small town , local cop connie struggles with many sightings of a mothlike creature taller than a man being reported , while john believes that an explanation for his wife's fate can be found . 	0
mary goes to live with her beautician cousin in a crowded apartment , and begins to lose heart . 	0
chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives . 	0
in the story , he is weary of being kept within the walls of his father's ( and soon to be his ) kingdom . 	0
451 tries to help kyle adjust to this unfamiliar and violent world but kyle is a man destined to fight his own battles . 	0
suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered . 	0
but someone else has also returned to campus , and with a darker and altogether bloodier purpose in mind . 	0
and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince . 	0
stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game . 	0
but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed . 	0
together , they work through their mutual mistrust and their shared grief over the death of carlos' mother rosario . 	0
at the same time , william has become the object of wrath by a popular but pompous and pridefilled christian radio commentator who brands william as a false prophet and seeks to destroy him . 	0
one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 	0
now he thinks he is seeing things that aren't there and if things don't improve , she will take their only son and leave . 	0
chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 	0
sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives . 	0
after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm . 	0
then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day . 	0
the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 	0
evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed . 	0
underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe " gangsta rappers , " who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . 	0
it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death . 	0
when she ventures to vietnam to meet her mother , she unknowingly embarks on an emotional pilgrimage that spans decades and distance . 	0
mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts . 	0
daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs . 	0
investigating possible health code violations , " jennifer/samantha " , ( sara downing ) , a career-driven reporter for " the philadelphia enquirer " , checks in under the guise of a patient , in lieu of getting a hot story . 	0
the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 	0
but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down . 	0
ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job . 	0
based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her . 	0
starry-eyed forest ranger , jackie , rescues the hunk of her dreams from a cliff side motorcycle accident . 	0
braceface brandi chronicles the rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 kind of world . 	0
there is a secret test hidden with in the sat . 	0
her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college ( making him think it's his idea ) . 	0
engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters . 	0
the second trip took place in february 2002 in the city of herat now freed from the taliban and in the hunger stricken camp of maslakh , one of the largest in the world . 	0
amidst the la-freaks , hollywood wannabes , and outrageous gym culture of los angeles , the now determined bodybuilder struggles to preserve an integrity of the mind , body , and spirit that is so apparently void in this strange new land . 	0
he enlists the support of other prisoners including crips , bloods and a very powerful jamaican mobster and is able to expand his drug empire . 	0
bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 	0
blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 	0
inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 	0
he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand . 	0
loonies is a film with light-hearted and cheeky humour that , in a moving way , takes us into the pleasantly disturbed world of five somewhat romanticised psychiatric patients . 	0
rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination . 	0
this is presumably a somewhat true story , as charlie kaufman is the real life screenwriter of adaptation . 	0
lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 	0
but at one point finch and stifler put their differences aside and hold a huge party for jim , the night before his wedding . 	0
well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her . 	0
siddalee , a famous new york playwright , is quoted in time magazine and infuriates her dramatic , southern mother . 	0
unlike most reunion stories that climax with a clich&#233 ; happy ending , daughter from danang is a real-life drama . 	0
disturbing for its unabashed honesty , our cast of characters both love and despise each other , their very actions acknowledging the pressures inherent in a tightly bonded peer group . 	0
once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 	0
sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 	0
what kind of advice would they receive from family , friends , neighbors , and folks at the corner deli ? 	0
meanwhile , on a distant planet , alien authorities have captured the most dangerous of all criminals and are sending him via rocket to a prison planet . 	0
this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad . 	0
this is the decades-long story of the relationship between a prominent high school football coach ( harris ) in a small south carolina town and the illiterate , mentally-challenged man nicknamed radio ( gooding ) whom he mentors , who before that had always been the target of jokes and teasing by the community . 	0
the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president . 	0
till the end of time , they will stay that way . 	0
a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think . 	0
in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship . 	0
an offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus . 	0
tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants . 	0
they then took over a pub in glenrowan , where they basically held a party , waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up . 	0
for the next 2 1/2 years , these outrageous drag performers created 20 shows with titles like " a crab on uranus means you're loved " and " tinsel tarts in a hot coma , " and were featured in four underground films . 	0
that same day , gunmen take over the high school - using it to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked . 	0
in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion . 	0
carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 	0
while 'studying' , he is busted by his mother and begs her not to tell his dad . 	0
as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate . 	0
five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 	0
later in life , reinalda has achieved fame and fortune - two of the three things she has always desired . 	0
charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems . 	0
their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . 	0
it won't be easy , but if he can handle bird-eating spiders and venomous snakes without getting bitten , gun-wielding agents shouldn't be too much of a problem . 	0
a fast-paced look into the world of underground street-racing . 	0
he feels he is only an instrument of their greed . 	0
jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads . 	0
she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply . 	0
born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute . 	0
ace homicide detective matt , ( christian de la fuente ) , leads the state in murder convictions , but his job has a big downside - he spends every day with dead victims and that's pushed him to question his belief in god , family , love . 	0
john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry . 	0
when the king meets the god in a face-to-face confrontation , the result takes on a horrible logic all its own . 	0
in those short time , rio learn about the things he missed all this time . 	0
a man brutally beats his girlfriend to death and tosses her remains into a local river . . . 	0
these were the first boats to perform deterrent patrols in the history of the navy , and they did it during some of the most crucial moments of the cold war including the 1962 cuban missile crisis . 	0
everything soon changes when two identical chinese fortune cookies cause a little mystic mayhem . 	0
the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection . 	0
now , in present day , washed-up child actor julian ( luke eberl ) , the free-spirited hannah ( colombe jacobsen ) , and former teacher grace ( jenny mollen ) , along with a documentary film crew , go on a search for this man , who may be the embodiment of all evil . 	0
rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 	0
led by the brilliant and sadistic chester lamb , the invaders are surprised to discover sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school . 	0
it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 	0
his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence . 	0
lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 	0
frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " . 	0
inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law . 	0
another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 	0
how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ? 	0
the film is divided into three stories , each associated with one of the three main ideologies of the 20th century : fascism , communism &#38 ; liberalism . 	0
she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench . 	0
both undauntedly take a sardonic , action-packed jaunt with plenty of gunplay and intrigue with an unforgettable cast of characters after marko's trusting wife ashe ( robyn adamsom ) discovers that these two deviants of social behavior have bet her entire life savings of 3 , 000 bucks on an nba play-off game . 	0
william hundert , a retired " old-school " classics teacher is passionate about his subject . 	0
silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california . 	0
area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 	0
the girls are treated like outcasts because they have inadvertently wrecked townsville in a superpowered game of tag . 	0
they become the most dreaded monsters of our imagination . 	0
survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape . 	0
hellbent on vengence , jason renews his bloodbath in pursuit of personally slaughtering krueger , and anyone else in his path . 	0
he also shies away from the shallow young women that he and his friends micke and mario meet at bars . 	0
but dr . jookiba and the earth expert pleakley never could have guessed that earth girl lilo adopts the experiment as dog , gives him the name stitch and actually causes an emotional development in the little beast . 	0
disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 	0
struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 	0
she's answering questions about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her husband , lamont , and her lover , natalie , grew into dealing , how dealing turned into robbery , and robbery into mass murder . 	0
potter begins his second year at hogwarts school of wizardry , but is warned by a mysterious creature that danger awaits him at the school . 	0
through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will . 	0
sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting . 	0
in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . " 	0
rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter a precocious 8-year old that teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 	0
when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is . 	0
as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby . 	0
these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene . 	0
the nightmare isnt over , william birkin ordered the hive to be reopened , and in doing so contaminated all of raccoon city , a city of the daed , with alice stuck right in the middle . 	0
poets concentrates on locations and issues within the uk and in an oblique way referencing poetry to the topography , at first seemingly random and esoterical , slowly and ultimately questioning the very nature of our british culture and heritage . 	0
he lives in a motor garage with his six friends . 	0
at this moment of desperation , patricia's imaginary guardian angel simon ( mickey rooney ) conveys strength to her and she is able to get away and to hide in a deserted shack . 	0
with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge . 	0
moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles . 	0
meanwhile , a sith lord orchestrates events between the forces of good and evil , all the while waiting to play the final move that will ensure him control of the galaxy . 	0
dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth . . . 	0
charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway . 	0
she is a wealthy and arrogant girl who is used to getting things done her way . 	0
his attention settles on alicia browning ( busy philipps ) , a darkly troubled outsider who , as the only person present throughout the entire incident , is both the key witness and a possible suspect . 	0
the main story involves an innocent teenage boy and a conniving teenage girl who meet on a beach one summer in southern brazil . 	0
the elders hope to return home quickly but their new friend has other plans . 	0
events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play . 	0
'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians . 	0
even worse , his influence of a bad las vegas obsessed him of henry having killed his real father douglas . 	0
it is survival of the fittest as the friendships are pushed to the limit . 	0
quebec bill bonhomme , a hardy schemer and indefatigable optimist , tries desperate to raise money to preserve his endangered herd through the rapidly approaching winter . 	0
these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre . 	0
'the journey' is the story of a young icelandic girl named kaja . 	0
join edgar , the man , and gigi , the dog , on a casual stroll through a wacky cut and paste neighborhood filled with drunk clowns , smoking grandmas , and sidewalk preachers . 	0
betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 	0
in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family . 	0
but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization . 	0
the regulus submarines were the forerunners of these weapons , and proved the concept that stabilized the cold war . 	0
how do a man who has never loved and a woman who refused to ever love again deal with the fact that they are meant to be together ? 	0
with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu . 	0
lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself . 	0
kyle goes back to darkness falls to face his past , and the woman in the porceline mask ( aka the tooth fairy ) chance barron , a has-been " cock-rock " front-man , has wasted nearly eight years of his life working a dead-end job at softwipe incorporated , the world's second largest manufacturer/distributor of double-plied toliet paper , but things change drastically for mr . barron when he receives a mysterious watch which counts down the number of days he has left to live . 	0
based on euripides' immortal drama of the same name , the bacchae ( bahk-ai' ) is an intense and contemporary retelling of the classic myth in which dionysus , son of zeus , seeks vengeance on thebes , the city of his birth and site of his mortal mother semele's cruel and horrible death . 	0
twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 	0
as before , the resistance was able to send another t-800 as a protector for john , and its still a question of which one will reach him first . . . 	0
after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world . 	0
anna is followed everywhere she goes by a creepy pale assailant with a knife . 	0
the story takes place over the course of a day , when the couples get together for an afternoon of dining , drinking , and hot tubbing . 	0
but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down . 	0
the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much . 	0
he has orchestrated a perverse sport where prisoners fight , sometime to the death for the entertainment and profit of he and his cronies . 	0
rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers . 	0
peter becomes trapped in a repeating circle of time , getting the chance to strike up conversations with jen fresh each time . 	0
a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john . 	0
john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . . 	0
but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . " 	0
 " dreamcatcher " tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return . 	0
one day , tobias sees caroline , a former school pal from the east . 	0
everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution . 	0
this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it . 	0
a team of scientists is recruited in a crash project to send a ship and bomb into the center of the earth to prevent the catastrophe . 	0
he is living a life of luxury in a huge mansion and a mercedes in the driveway . 	0
after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 	0
a young man in his early early 20's discovers his first love is getting married so he drops everything to travel across california and stop her , with no money and no car , where he discovers life , love and secrets from his past . 	0
throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 	0
kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences . 	0
after narrow escapes from the germans and a stray mine in the channel , the two men are picked up at sea and interrogated as spies . 	0
a london website designer ops out of her comfortable but ordinary relationship with a nice boyfriend when she forms a dangerously obsessive bond with a handsome , mysterious mountaineer , who turns out to have some secrets . 	0
soon it's not just harry who is worried about survival , as dreadful things begin to happen at hogwarts . 	0
while navigating through the tumultuous neighborhoods of south central l . a . , perry and keough must track down cold-blooded killers and face their own demons , which prove to be more ruthless than the criminals they pursue . 	0
can the three girls see their planning and plotting bear fruit or is their master plan doomed ? 	0
the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 . 	0
rupi who is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu . 	0
the worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living . 	0
dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport . 	0
after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 	0
besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 	0
donde cae el sol tells a little story between a 65 years ol man and a woman who is thirty years younger that him . 	0
by his own request , an eight year old , paul , is determined to experience a unique , painful event that normal children will never experience in their lives . 	0
as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence . 	0
in the end , they discover that balance in life , similar to a well-balanced and sculpted anatomy , is the ultimate achievement . 	0
a counterfeit 1000 tomin bank note is passed in a bazaar . 	0
enter the beautiful and mysterious secret agent petra schmitt . 	0
after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 	0
looking for a short cut to fame , glass concocted sources , quotes and even entire stories , but his deception did not go unnoticed forever , and eventually , his world came crumbling down . . . 	0
