i can finally finish some.website now that my server migration is finished !	1
this sounds like something that would make me wear bulletproof underwear	0
like whatevs just so long as u don't become one of those dumb teens who read a post on tumblr one time & believe they know how the world works nowlikego outsidepet a dog	0
this is extremely good advice	1
I was that teen and I have nothing but regretzfor me it was usenet tho	0
I WAS THAT TUMBLR TEEN AND I AM / SHOCKED / ANYONE WHO KNEW ME DURING THAT TIME COULD PUT UP WITH ME	0
I was that tumblr teen but everyone was bullying me for being gay anyway so it didn't make much of a difference ... then I went to a college where EVERYONE was That Tumblr Teen andgoshgoshglad i'm like ... mentally 30 now	0
i keep opening bribside even after removing that bookmark .	0
Now i'm adding it to / etc / hosts	1
Such an amazing way to introduce hard to debug networking issues :)	1
Does anyone ever feel anxious and empty at the same time ? 😞	0
yeah a LOT tbh	0
lol I feel crazy	0
although i know im crazy because of psychosis :/	0
its all gonna be okay for u though , i truly believe that	1
So all Christian churches in England are rushing to condemn the terrorist attack last night and distance themselves from it , yeah ? I mean , they bloody well should . So-called ' mainstream ' Christianity hardly ever preaches about getting along with people of different faiths .	0
good point ...	0
unsure if I will ever be able to be fully open emotionally and sharing with another person so , until then I'll just be that way online to many strangers ! !	0
it might sound paradox , but embracing my paranoia and practicing security culture helped me with that . 💜 💜 💜	1
I'm glad something has helped you :-)	1
Does anyone ever feel anxious and empty at the same time ? 😞	0
all the time	0
i feel like I'm losing my mind a little bit	0
relatable . im always anxious and if im not feeling empty or depressed im angry . also usually dissociating .	0
have a good time then ! enjoy your smoke .	1
i sure will ,	1
thank you so much .	1
I hope you start feeling a lil better today ❤ ️	1
It's a lot harder to do brand-building on here , especially with my lower follower count .	0
heres my advice : do a bunch of really long posts and people will share them , think just out of politeness for your hard work	1
Fuck , I forgot Devil Daggers exists ...	0
now that's a goddamn video game	1
I have been testing a hypothesis that the sound design in that game is so good that you could play it blindfolded	1
What a strangely specific value . I wonder how much tweaking went into it .	1
Ah , that makes a lot more sense ,	1
thank you .	1
for my interpretation , no precincts were won by the Green Party.https :/ / anonURL	0
This isn't rotation - - it's shearing away from us , each vote travelling at a speed that either blueshifts to exactly this blue or red . What a strange phenomenon ...	0
Hmm ... I guess that does make more sense ,	0
now that I look at it ... No WONDER he was kicked out ! His sciency analysis wasn't even correct !	0
xkcd can be pretty funny sometimes , but I wonder if we're putting too much pressure on him to perform	0
terrible anxious honestly .	0
I hope you're better .	1
i'm sorry to hear that .	0
i'm doing okay so far .	1
hope you feel better soon	1
thank you ❤ ️	1
i can feel my teeth hurting just from you talking about it hhhhn	0
nah like my teeth r sensitive too but idk Why i still do it	0
im sorry	0
One night <MENTION> started giving them to everyone . Like literally EVERYONE . ( There where a lot less people around then ) Since then it's been a thing . Often used as a welcome getting to new users .	1
Thank you both ! 🍍 🍍	1
I love the history of the pineapple as a welcome gift . <URL>	1
That's pretty great !	1
Finally installed a #Tox client .	1
My tox id is attached if anyone wants to chat . :) toxidanon1	1
Apparently , there's no support for multi-device identities in #Tox ,	0
so I'm also available at the following tox id . toxidanon2	1
I can't seem to find out anything about tox .	0
Microsoft loves Linux ?	1
Ya .	1
A bunch of lip service . No mention of Linux in new Skype : <URL>	0
Oh , no , they / do / love Linux ! They just think that it should stay in its place as an amazing server OS . =( =( =(	0
Does anyone ever feel anxious and empty at the same time ? 😞	0
Does anyone ever feel anxious and empty at the same time ? 😞	0
pretty regularly tbh	0
i feel fucking crazy right now 😞	0
Even my scanner is badMy paintings have little colors variations that never shows in pictures I'm sad :/	0
Probably best with a DSLR , a tripod and good lighting .	1
I also have problems getting things like colored sketches or pieces with color pencil digital	0
just ate a bunch of garlic if anyone feels like kissing me	0
tasty !	1
I hope you can get some .	1
Couldn't install neither ... Lack of support for my " old " Radeon 6750 , at least in the live versions .	0
that is romantic for very sad definitions of romantic	0
properly immersive vr would be super freeing . if you could leave meatspace even moreso . you could be whoever you wanted to be . knowledge workers wouldn't even be at a disadvantage for being virtual .	1
hey what the fuck ? ? ? dont fucking do that ? ? ?	0
This isn't a difficult concept to grasp lol	1
thank you	1
< very von karma voice > BLEIGH ! I vant to suck your blood !	0
I cringed so fucking hard when I saw Phoenix show him the letter . Like , yeah show the evil evidence destroying supervillain the one single proof you have against him	0
Random anxiety flareup for no reason again .	0
Whee.Where can I go exchange this brain for a replacement ?	0
if you find a good shop , let me know ; w ; * flappy squeeze offer * > w <	1
Found their blog	1
but can't find much information ( yet ) .	0
holy shit	1
my favorite toku themes are on my home timeline what a good day	1
whats ur top fav	1
( my top is probably if it counts , yoshiko and the key of evil spirits opening )	1
it's always hard to pick these kind of things , but I " d have to say the kind of 90s action anime stylings of the first GoBusters theme <URL>	1
holy shit	1
my favorite toku themes are on my home timeline what a good day	1
whats ur top fav	1
( my top is probably if it counts , yoshiko and the key of evil spirits opening )	1
My favorite ... this is hard .	0
6PM : Protest against Macron	0
this toot is full of dark bourgeois energy	0
It is not enough that I must be good , I must be better than you . ;)	1
what the hap is fuckening	0
i cant make a cash.me account because it doesnt see my zip code as valid , get fucked lol	0
i can't make a cash.me account because my address is incredibly invalid by the tune of , like . an Ocean	0
at least now I know what I need to play this morning to get me going : <URL>	1
aaaa I got cheated the clip's bad	0
fine , I'll go to a reliable fallbackhttps :/ / youtubeURLanon	1
im a big fan of spinning wheel myself	1
i'll give it a few more days , but so far the number of 20 - something Leftist People Who Like Video Games and Anime seems ... pretty low	0
at the correct hour we'll join tht magical french one	1
at least now I know what I need to play this morning to get me going : <URL>	1
i love this theme Y_Y	1
at least now I know what I need to play this morning to get me going : <URL>	1
HELL YEAH ! I love the 45 x 40 performance .	1
and also unconsciously self inflict pain on to myself	0
it's good when you get a choice and a moment to prepare , even if it barely helps .	1
yeah you are right , I agree !	1
Toqger was surprisingly good . I love the season .	1
oh , yeah , it got _really_ good ,	1
and I found myself missing it frequently during the next season > _ >	0
I find it intrusive . Ad services started this war with popups , tracking , autoplaying videos ...	0
this website is just * * horrible * * …	0
I've decided that YouTube ads are one of the most annoying things created by mankind .	0
But for $ 10 a month , Google promises to stop annoying the ever-loving $ & <MENTION> # out of you !	1
is chewing gum good ?	1
I never watch new shows cause I'm always scared for unexpected vomit scenes	0
Maybe don't watch if you're scared of blood ❤	0
it's kind of interesting to see people attempting to police a free service and asking for money to do so . loooool	1
people should labor for you for free .	0
aight actually here's me looking tan again even though im not .	1
thanks lighting <URL>	1
You're obviously running two identities right here ;	0
seeing the chance to finally leave facebook behind without coming across as rude	1
DO IT GUYS TELEGRAM MAKES EVERY FRIENDSHIP BETTER	1
probably better than gopnik whatsapp	1
Better today ,	1
thank you .	1
Not at 100 % , but getting there .	1
Glad you're getting better .	1
Here's wishing for continued improvement .	1
beautiful	1
now counting down to " why isn't there a white stripe ? "	0
So instead of the nice predictable wlan 0 and eth 0 we have some completely random device names . Thanks systemd .	0
... but you aren't supposed to have to know about such details , since everything is being automated for your convenience by the system ( d ) .	1
I can't decide if your message is first degree ...	0
Pleroma is the Dark Souls of Ostatus servers .	0
will be the Dark Souls II of it	0
( just need time to start a proper thing )	1
Pleroma is the Dark Souls of Ostatus servers .	0
not optimized and hard to use ?	0
yeah .	0
My internet cut out last night because of a storm .	0
It's back now .	1
UGH weather > : C	0
I think Intercepted is the best podcast right now . High production value , too notch guests , and consistent challenges to the way I think about current events #news #politics <URL>	1
🎶 I am gonna make it through this year / If it kills me 🎶	1
Do you like The Sunset Tree ? : 0	1
🎶 I am gonna make it through this year / If it kills me 🎶	1
I love it ! It can get heavy and has some themes about abuse , though , so definitely a heads-up there .	1
Admittedly , those themes are why I like it so much , haha . I use it to deal with things . It's a really quality album .	1
So instead of the nice predictable wlan 0 and eth 0 we have some completely random device names . Thanks systemd .	0
that may be a better solution	1
i Love you	1
please breathe you're not crazy	1
thank you so much	1
love you too this is v validating	1
and im so thankful	1
Yo what if every modern anti-black talking point derived from some neebish racist commentator / coin ass nigga watching BET Comic View	0
I wouldn't be surprised	0
and actually this metaphor isn't going as well as I thought it would "	0
from the looks of it , it might be secure boot getting in your way ...	1
and it's slowly killing us .	0
and willing to help parse logs , crunch numbers , and visualize the data if you need	1
that'd be nice !	1
I just spent some time unsubbing from podcasts and they're still out of control	0
send help <URL>	0
your phone is loooong	0
Don't really have more time during a week , so I'm pretty ruthless with what makes the cut .	0
Oh thank / god / spent last night too hot to sleep and after eventually nodding off whilst watching babylon 5	0
it's dropped a whole 4 degreesthis is far more tolerable	1
So , all of us getting cross about Twitter's terms and conditions /	0
remember you also need to take off the social media buttons on your blog .	0
Like I forgot to .	0
thanks for the reminder .	1
there's probably no way to update signal version by rebuilding app ?	0
thanks !	1
aaand it's updated	1
drumpf is a government and therefor it is every man's duty to oppose him women can do , like , whatever man as in person with attached benis woman as in person with no benis whatsoever	0
I just spent some time unsubbing from podcasts and they're still out of control	0
send help <URL>	0
Too many podcasts to listen to unless you want to spend every waking hour listening to them in order to keep up to speed .	0
i actually like pulse 🙃	1
per-process sound control is a cool feature , but on the other hand , not crashing randomly is a pretty big plus on the side of ALSA	1
this is also true ,	1
29C in my city . We're having a rather chilly week : 3	1
36C for the next 4 days for me > <	0
Holy fuck	0
silent fuck	0
all is fuck	0
I miss IRC can't reach my raspi right now , wonder what happened to it , need to check it out when I get home	0
So instead of the nice predictable wlan 0 and eth 0 we have some completely random device names . Thanks systemd .	0
even better , I'm pretty sure this change was in the effort of creating predictable device names , how wonderful that now you need to ` ip link show ` in order to even know what your interfaces are called now ? Saves so much time compared to ` ifconfig eth 0 ` !	1
#teamhuman is great .	1
already on my subscription list ,	1
thank You Matt	1
Wow ,	1
I actually slept at a semi-reasonable time for once .	1
:D Yay !	1
One day I hope to equal this accomplishment :P	1
I went to sleep at like 02:30 and had to wake up at 05:30 .	0
one more reason to make this stick and try it ;)	1
Godspeed ! Seems like making the stick is often the hardest part :) . Too bad they don't give them out like AOL cd's back in the day ...	0
USB stick should be ready ready but ... My Win 10 laptop doesn't let me go on boot setup . I tried pressing ESC , F2 , F12 . No response .	0
What should I do ? :-(	0
I upgraded from Jessie to Stretch yesterday but I got a couple of errors by doing so . Now I decided to install Stretch directly from a small image since my USB stick doesn't have enough space , but I got stuck with the mirrors .	0
Fresh install is usually good . I don't have much data in my computer so I can format the HD always clean	1
I do not have much data as well ,	1
but I cannot afford to format my HD because I also have Windows installed .	0
Fresh installs are always the best choice .	1
Windows update crashed my grub bootloader ... That's not what I'd expect an OS update to do ...	0
but exactly what I'd expect Windows to do .	0
i really hate having allergies need to move to a new locale that i'm not allergic to	0
ye the shortlist is oregon , washington , and california	1
Help ! ! !	0
How do you add cws on tusky ! ! !	0
Hey <MENTION> and <MENTION> - any juicy #socialcoop stats to share with us ?	1
Re : new users etc . - starting to see more and more new faces .	1
and willing to help parse logs , crunch numbers , and visualize the data if you need	1
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck . Would you like to remove ' duck ' from your dictionary ? "	0
The funny thing with this is the windows 10 desktop / tablet kbd is the EXACT opposite of this . It Will . Not . Let you say fuck .	1
You have to like manually change it back from " duck " several times and it won't add swears to the dictionary .	0
It's bad	0
same for Android , though Swiftkey is better there	1
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck . Would you like to remove ' duck ' from your dictionary ? "	0
The funny thing with this is the windows 10 desktop / tablet kbd is the EXACT opposite of this . It Will . Not . Let you say fuck .	1
You have to like manually change it back from " duck " several times and it won't add swears to the dictionary .	0
It's bad	0
let windows say fuck	0
so a dicision im milling over whilst i wait for washing to finish.get hair cut or not.its at a long length ,	0
its just more the heat than anything . i know ill regret it right after , but then will just hold my breath for it to grow even quicker 😁	1
but its also really thick , so the heat just gets really bad	0
Google Slides !	1
I will give it a try ,	1
thank You ;)	1
So instead of the nice predictable wlan 0 and eth 0 we have some completely random device names . Thanks systemd .	0
What do you mean ?	0
I * love * my very predictable device name , " enp 1s25 " . It's much better than the one I had two reboots ago .	1
Wow ,	1
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck .	0
The funny thing with this is the windows 10 desktop / tablet kbd is the EXACT opposite of this . It Will . Not . Let you say fuck . You have to like manually change it back from " duck " several times and it won't add swears to the dictionary . It's bad	0
<MENTION> deplorable	0
I haven't tested it yet tho so idk if that includes autocorrect behavior , but it ducking better	1
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck . Would you like to remove ' duck ' from your dictionary ? "	0
The funny thing with this is the windows 10 desktop / tablet kbd is the EXACT opposite of this . It Will . Not . Let you say fuck . You have to like manually change it back from " duck " several times and it won't add swears to the dictionary . It's bad	0
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck . Would you like to remove ' duck ' from your dictionary ? "	0
The funny thing with this is the windows 10 desktop / tablet kbd is the EXACT opposite of this . It Will . Not . Let you say fuck . You have to like manually change it back from " duck " several times and it won't add swears to the dictionary . It's bad	0
bad ! bad input method !	0
You're most welcome !	1
( At least , I think so - our horribly strict immigration laws might disagree :( )	0
just wanted to let yall know i just got asked out by The Best Girl ever and i love her and im Gay	1
NICE CONGRATS	1
THANK U	1
Nazis are literally trying to kill me . You think I'm gonna fuck around with this shit ?	0
Think a-fucking-gain .	0
do you think Nazis won't try to kill me somewhere else ?	0
They've already removed most of my ability to work making me unable to pay for medical treatment . They can do that from anywhere .	0
why is everyone RTing selfies	0
Oh , I'm sorry ! Won't happen again .	0
unfortuantely you were not nearly the only one	0
Other operating systems : " Don't say the fuck word ! " Windows 10 mobile : " Duck ? Clearly you mean fuck . Would you like to remove ' duck ' from your dictionary ? "	0
what a good keyboard	1
pap pap good input method	1
that 2 am thirst when u sign up for all the dating websites 🙈 🙈	1
that's a start 😁	1
but if you ever move here I'll take you out ! ♥	1
the offer is reciprocated 😊 😍	1
cacti ? They look interesting , need very little attention and can help smite the fingers of your enemies . Sort of an all-rounder	1
i follow like 2-3 thirstposters now and wow the daily thirst increase is real	1
I'm thirsty as fuck	1
The best compliment anyone's ever given me is " You would be a good Zarya cosplayer . " I'm not even in shape , but I got the body type for muscles .	1
Cosplay is beyond shape and muscle or color or gender etc etc etc	1
The best compliment anyone's ever given me is " You would be a good Zarya cosplayer . " I'm not even in shape , but I got the body type for muscles .	1
i follow like 2-3 thirstposters now and wow the daily thirst increase is real	1
thirstodon	0
Doesn ’ t the FP mosque have a jihadi history ?	0
Extra points if you do it in the old timey radio voice with a trans-Atlantic accent .	1
guys hair grows faster ? ?	1
I'd have it cut	1
tempted to do it myself , but feel like keeping my nose & ears ;)	1
I'm lucky , I don't have to work outside so I'm spare from the worst .	1
im sorry	0
its joke but also i dont like this country much	0
It seems to be really hot in Europe .	0
Here it's 20 degrees , really nice ( but it's already evening )	1
says 33-38 ° this afternoon where I am ( middle of France )	0
i wish i could live my life that well	1
it'd be cool if the geek code were updated for today's world .	1
everything on it is from back in the 90s when people actually used usenet	0
There has been a coupole of attempts , but nothing really caught on .	0
It seems to be really hot in Europe .	0
Here it's 20 degrees , really nice ( but it's already evening )	1
We are burning 🔥 🔥	0
hope you survive it ( or even enjoy it ) .	0
I hope it gonna be less harsh next week	0
hopefully it will cool off ,	0
that sounds really tiring 😨	0
if it isn't free software it's only a shitty proof of concept imothanks for the ideas fam ,	0
now i'm going to copy them and destroy your business model 👌 🏽	0
It seems to be really hot in Europe .	0
Here it's 20 degrees , really nice ( but it's already evening )	1
We are burning 🔥 🔥	0
hope you survive it ( or even enjoy it ) .	0
It is not unfortunately . These days 20 degrees is what we get at the coldest hours of the night 😓	0
it was much much hotter here then and I took all the wrong clothes and totally froze	0
im awake and I shouldn't be	0
same	0
fuck .	0
anyone manage to get back to sleep ?	0
I didn't ; - ;	0
It seems to be really hot in Europe .	0
Here it's 20 degrees , really nice ( but it's already evening )	1
It ’ s 31 ° C here , and planned to go up to 36 today :(	0
and it'll stay in the 30 to mid - 30 ' s till Friday :(	0
It seems to be really hot in Europe . Here it's 20 degrees , really nice ( but it's already evening )	0
It ’ s 31 ° C here , and planned to go up to 36 today :(	0
ouch .	0
cold water immersion required	0
So , all of us getting cross about Twitter's terms and conditions /	0
Do Not Track changes , remember you also need to take off the social media buttons on your blog .	0
Like I forgot to .	0
Morning started with driving mum to the ER for an eye thing . So restful . Such a good omen for a focused and productive week .	1
I hope she's okay .	1
Seems to be . Eye drops to the rescue .	1
that's some good compression <URL>	1
I made me puke after seeing this . Since then , I struggle with suicidal thoughts . I'm such an easy target . Sometimes , like now , I wonder if I made the right decision by saying out loud that I'm an incest victim .	0
I hope it will not happen again . :/	0
I deleted my account . I meant to do it anyway but that helped me .	0
that might be the best thing to do for now .	0
I hope you'll feel better soon . ^ ^ '	1
Thanks	1
A simply astonishing number of " classic " rock songs from the 60s / 70s /8 0s are blatantly transphobic , homophobic , racist , or sexist . It's no wonder that white baby boomer men love " classic " rock so much .	0
OK , I'll switch to rap ( which is never sexist or homophobic ) .	1
Give a man a fish , and you will feed him for a day .	1
Call a man a fish , and you'll confuse him for life	0
I meddle with #gamedev from time to time , but probably have too few skills for stuff like collabs :/	0
" hey man let's watch hentai " u n c om f o r t a b l e	1
And it's far better than Quitter for GnuSocial , btw .	1
seems nice !	1
This is a rare selfie ! Looking good hun .	1
Enjoy your day ! Cheers !	1
It is pretty interesting to see the faces behind the names on here .	1
Thanks for the tip , good sir !	1
🐙 no selfie yesterday because depressed . <URL>	0
nothing in particular , just depressed and unmotivated	0
do you want a hug ?	1
Tried aizu programming challenges , and it was ... interesting	1
i'm just platform surfing to shitpost at unreasonable hours	0
gd it worked .	1
We should do a day without the other site .	1
Haven't heard of any specifically oriented toward that -	0
I was on Twitter and saw people arguing about stolen tweets and this guy said " wow I'm taking my like away	0
However , even without treating them as one , I can imagine un-liking tweets if they were actually stolen from another user ( and trying to find and like the originals instead ) .	0
I'm going to start refering to marxism-leninism and trotskyism as " all the old crap of the thirties " <URL>	0
Silly me !	0
we should organize a group watch ! ! !	1
lol what if we live under a system that actively degrades our mental health in order to make us feel bad non-stop because that's the most effective way to make us buy things that promise happiness ( and work more in the process )	0
wait did you say what if ?	0
I thought this was already a given	0
lol what if we live under a system that actively degrades our mental health in order to make us feel bad non-stop because that's the most effective way to make us buy things that promise happiness ( and work more in the process )	0
don't , it isn't worth it .	0
If I had more than just this dame dissertation to write than I wouldn't finish it.Mainly I am finishing it so people will stop asking if I am going to finish it .	0
I really liked it a lot	1
u are living my dream i am Proud , b free	1
It is deeply reaffirming to realize that you still enjoy most of the stupid music you liked as a teenager .	0
But as a teenager I listened to Chris De Burgh and Depeche Mode and Phil Collins , none of which were stupid .	1
thanks !	1
wow this has been extremely fun but I gotta get my butt to bed .	1
i have to not spend all my work day tomorrow on this site .	0
please don't forget me :(	0
Homeward bound , perfect day 💙 💙 ☀ ️ 💙 💙 <URL>	1
Wow ,	1
that's beautiful !	1
Feels a bit weird sitting at work with a box of " toys " in my bag ( ⁄ ⁄ • ⁄ ω ⁄ • ⁄ ⁄ )	0
More embarrassed ( / / ▽ / / )	0
Navigating some unfamiliar ( and quite recent ) additions to the Unity API and the amount of [ x is depreciated ] warnings the documentation is giving me is staggering	0
yepppppppp.baw gawd	0
i thought they were meant to be putting extra effort in to making the manual Good u_u	0
Tried upgrading a webgl project from 5.5 to 5.6 , totally busted it . we even have a contact at unity and all they gave us was a white paper and some draft of a Google docvideogames ! ! 😥	0
anything's better than this .	0
The cat is out of the ... box .	1
An old ancom friend I'm messaging after a year is finding out how tankie I've become rn .	0
I probably won't go there tonight lmao . We were talking about the DPRK which was painful enough	0
it's hard bc the mainstream discourse is like sooooo extreme . So like just talking about the DPRK as you would any other country and not like it's a hell on earth , makes you sound crazy	0
EXACTLY .	0
the orientalism is outta control	0
it's pretty decent ig .	1
It's alive ! It's alive !	1
cant blame you , vocaloid is good	1
I LOVE IT SO MUCH	1
whats your favorite song ? if thats alright for me to ask of course !	1
GOD THATS SO HARD TO ANSWER CUZ I HAVE SO MANY AND LOVE SO MANY PRODUCERS ; V ;	1
AHHHH ! ! !	1
but what about you ? ? ?	1
ill link you to my number 1 !	1
ok ! ! !	1
ALSO ONE SONG I CAN THINK OF THATS RLY IMPORTANT TO ME IS DONUT HOLE ! !	1
ALSO i love donut hole ! ! you have good taste friend	1
IS GOOD ! ! !	1
AND AHHH THANK YOU ,	1
I LOVE HACHI'S WORK ! ! !	1
i genuinely considered kinning a vocaloid dont fuck with me about this matter	0
i hav 3 vocaloid kins ive been tryin 2 get rid of them but they wont go	0
i wanted to kin Yuezheng Ling for the longest time but uhhhh	0
i cant get into enstars because my scouting luck is shit to none	0
im a greedy fucker i cant just look at them	0
i can relate but that only makes life harder on you	0
its ok love live is decent to me	1
archer is aplatonic	0
he . is not . a people person . his kink is protecting the forest tori	0
wind archer is aplatonic	0
he . is not . a people person . his kink is protecting the forest tori	0
can you please not say it like that his forest protector kink role makes me want to kill mysef	0
awesome , thanks !	1
I might need help admining the instance if you are interested . It should be up and running this weekend	1
Too bad I am extremely lazy and probably won't have this done for a few more days due to procrastination . #Art #Lovely #Order <URL>	0
Hope you get around to it ,	1
it looks cute so far !	1
i lobve them ..	1
thank u : ' ~ )	1
i cant get into enstars because my scouting luck is shit to none	0
pwease appreciate my son tsukasa <URL>	1
I've mentioned this system before , but I can't get over how awesome the Holborn series lookedThis is the 6100 and 9120 ( pic with the lady ) and it's so Fallout !	1
Good eye ! But it was a floor standing computer , not a desktop	1
jeez , that was fast .	1
So possibly a set piece to look futuristic based on the desktop one .	1
Ah , I was right ! It definitely was the arcade game . Here's more info on the exact model they redressed <URL>	1
that is wonderful . I love how they stuck a full TV in that cabinet instead of just the CRT	1
It's a pretty old trick , but considering the tech of the day , it was very cleverAlso , " modern " series were doing the same thingHere's a scene from StarTrek Voyager where you can clearly see the mouse cursor in the " LCARS " . Didn't know they still had mouse cursors in 2371 ;)	1
especially on a touch screen ,	1
this website is very confusing .	0
confusing ? \	0
Just ask the void , we'll help !	1
There is nothing worse than an airport with a closed Pre ✅ lineFlocks of grown humans with no idea what " laptops out of your bags " and " shoes must be removed " means . I grabbed 8 bins because I correctly guessed 4 of them would go to others ahead of me in line #KSJC	0
The last time I was at KSJC they'd given up all pretense of post -9/11 security and were keeping laptops in bags and waving folks through metal detectors with shoes on . It was wonderful .	1
this was not one of those times Nice airport tbh , just bummed that the airport bar is closed and my airplane is broken and I'm gonna sober up before they get a replacement aircraft in	0
The plane is broken and the bar is closed ?	0
That's some Grade A bullshit right there .	0
Sorry fox .	0
I'm a cat , you inconsiderate clod ! = ^ . ^ = ... I think they're going to keep trying to start that engine manually until another 737 arrives in a half hour and we move over to that	0
Good luck with - finally - getting on flight , too !	1
I'm very down ... I haven't read any good sci fi in awhile	0
if you don't want to wait AnonNomF AnonNomG writes great hard scifi . AnonNomF AnonNomG has good depictions of post-internet technology and AnonNomH AnonNomI helped me sort out plot points in my big fiction work	1
there is tons of good scifi right now actually , maybe we can push this in next book club while awaiting providence	1
It is lovely .	1
I'm designing knitting patterns to represent the main characters , that's how much I enjoy it .	1
that's a recommendation fs , I will have a look ! Now I have to try to attack my massive backlog not to mention finish our book club book 😅	1
in my case , yes ,	1
all of it actually	1
I'm agreement with CP . Use of Weapons I liked more than Player of Games though .	1
I think I like mostly any of them where he reins in his desire to write hundreds of pages about things that are Very Big blowing up Very Spectacularly	1
yeah that's fair .	1
I think I'm more interested in explorations of the Culture than hard action	1
It's more pure than just a plain black shirt tbh	1
Indiana unfortunately 😔	0
because it sucks . Our state has the largest percentage of T * * * p supporters and there's literally nothing here lol	0
Most of the midwest is rural and the rural population is uneducated redneck white folk .	0
so they're still rocking with him ? after all that's happened since he took office ?	0
yes and on top of that , they refuse any factual evidence against him because their entire lineage are republican loyalists .	0
I'm getting back into KSP career mode and it's a lot of fun , especially with more difficulty settings on ( like plasma blackouts and G-force limits ) .	1
I highly recommend it . Really awesome progression and added difficulty	1
I never have ,	0
I'll definitely check it out !	1
Let's make tomorrow rock .	1
I'll vote for that !	1
semi official shuttering of the academy ?	0
NEVER I'm just awful at remembering things	0
but why do people write depressed characters as only listening to super emo music like catch my depressed ass listening to carly rae on repeat	0
AnonNameS guy has a neat short manga about some weird horror story guy ( Good Stuff ) and AnonNameR guy has a Sadly Discontinued really good one called AnonNameT zoo , if ur interested tho ( u can find both on mangafox )	1
So I'm honestly real fucking happy that the federated timeline mostly seems to be a bunch of suuuper bitter anarchists . My people .	1
( Perhaps I should hop to the instance that's like , specifically about that ? )	1
Best part is — you can do both !	1
I keep going back and forth between finding it super irritating and super funny .	0
Someone tell me how to feel !	0
on one hand , it seems petty . on the other hand , i experience a reflexive fear that commonly referring to the fediverse in the language of commoditization is the first step in it somehow becoming birdsite	0
disgusted prompto pictures i have <URL> <URL> <URL> <URL>	0
the bottom right one looks like he could kill me at any moment 😍	0
god i wish that were me part 2	0
ahhhh eyes . y'all all seem to art the most beautiful gaze that makes me wonder what they're staring at in the distance . Soooo happy to have you here & inspiring others !	1
( bepis , which is what this plate reads , is a meme , it's a little stupid )	0
i hate this app	0
unfortunately like . almost all are east asian based . :(	0
When will my fellow East Asians let anyone else at the media cake , honestly .	0
I get that we're still only getting a sliver of the whole thing , but it would still be better to also give literally any other Asian groups opportunities , too .	0
yeah it's like SO obvious too like i genuinely was trying to think of se / s asian actors in hollywood and u can really only think of the Big Names while there r a good # of east asians , i mean it's bad for all of us , but even more so for not east asians .	0
this happens when u think about it you fool	0
That little animation when you relay or florp a ping 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌	1
I unflorped and reflorped this ping just to watch the animation again	1
lol there is ! e . g . no posting loli shota gore dox harrasment , and plenty other US Arizona shit	1
i love chrom	1
he have no ass	1
ohhhh thank you ! !	1
its actually all of the toots from the second instance , not just the account that was followed . so its basically seeing the local timeline along with the timelines of other instances	1
the shitposting is real	0
well , both federated and local lol like what is even going on	0
You gotta start following people who toot this late at night lol . It works .	1
yeah , i'll have to go around later and look for more likeminding people to follow	1
yeah , I mean this site is already super friendly ...	1
it is , like i haven't had even one asshole in my notes and that's just astounding	1
milk is nasty next topic !	0
block me back	0
this is lactose intolerant hate	0
u know that thing where you exist and then a body part starts hurting	0
I know that thing .	0
so i started rewatching the office in the evenings while i work and it's so painful . JIM . PAM . JUST DO IT .	0
my tolerance for awkwardness humor is low ( and not getting better ) ... I find " The Office " almost unwatchable	0
yeah . so awkward . it's very painful	0
do people actually enjoy TV about , well , unpleasant people ?	0
I guess I do , sometimes , but seriously I get my fill of people being petty and vindictive in my daily life	0
See , the thing is that there are enough pleasant people that it strings you along ( for certain values of " you " )	0
mheh , well said ! and you put your finger right on it , Jim and Pam are supposed to be those people for us , but after a while they just look insufferable too	0
yeah , I kind of stopped watching at some point when it was on because I couldn't deal with it anymore .	0
I mean , before Jim and Pam are together , you have that they really have to bone at some point . After they're together , why endure ?	0
I dread every time I open whatsapp on my phone . Having anxiety about everything is some tiresome business .	0
anxiety , you say , what is this aaaanxieeetyyy ... 😅	0
GHHYEAGH HELL YHEAH BOIYGEHYEAJ	1
whats up witch town twitter is even worse now	0
eeyup !	0
and what's up ... not much of anything :}	0
but I don't like it here . I want to go back .	0
I really wonder why Beelzebub doesn't have 2nd season ?	0
nope sadly it doesn't , also anime stopped following manga after 49 episodes so rest 11 episodes are fillers ,	0
but still it's one of my favourite delinquent based anime 😆 😆	1
that's why I felt confusion when I compare the manga to the Anime . I really wonder Why it was desperately forced to end that badly . 😭 😭 😭	0
I was to disappointed by watching the end , then someone said me anime didn't follow the manga so there's no chance of 2nd season . Damn I wonder why such things happen with amazing animes ..	0
when I read it in the net , most if there comments said that because the anime is more on violence that's why theres no chance of having a second season . I wonder why it only happens to beelzebub 😭 😭	0
nah that's not the reason , just think that anime doesn't follow the manga and adds it's own story and fillers , makes no sense ,	0
so what do you think they'll show in 2nd season ?	0
and sadly I love this anime as it's the best delinquent based anime xD .	1
very well said ! In short , just made as dissapoint ! I really expect more towards this anime 😭 😭	0
yeah exactly , well it's rare to see a delinquent raising a baby , and it's not ordinary baby though 😂 😂	0
A snow leopard sphynx ( sans wings , ooops ) for AnonNameZ on twitter as part of the AnonNameW ( also on twitter ) . I ’ d love to take this to paper one day when I ’ m feeling a little more confident - gotta buckle down on capturing atmosphere more often !	1
DANG I love the intensity of her expression in the sketch ! ! Sphinxes are the best	1
should I post some of my old ones ?	1
i never mentioned this but my character in dragon D & D is a beautiful genderfluid bronze dragon . her favored humanoid form is that of a sailor man ( actually in her back story she was a fisherman but i always refer to her as a buff sailor ) . i love her	1
omg I love the idea of a genderfluid shape-changer so much !	1
i never mentioned this but my character in dragon D & D is a beautiful genderfluid bronze dragon . her favored humanoid form is that of a sailor man ( actually in her back story she was a fisherman but i always refer to her as a buff sailor ) . i love her	1
omg I love the idea of a genderfluid shape-changer so much !	1
it is 100 % the best thing , highly recommend	1
okay , how do people who don't have VC money pouring out their ears put up with this ?	0
like , tools exist to manage bare metal and nocix gives you a much better deal	0
nocix and aws aren't even the same species . you can't really compare them like that .	0
true .	0
yeah .	1
i don't have the budget to do anything like that , so not the place for me to be lookin ' . :/	0
Yup .	0
And probably not all the time and patience it takes to write and maintain the kind of obnoxious software necessary to run such an environment . God knows I don't	0
... apparently I'm at that level of emotional corniness where the DS9 theme plays on shuffle and I start crying	0
Yes ,	0
but have you ever burst into tears during a Richard Simmons tape after he chirps " I love you ! " to the camera ? ( But seriously I was pretty bummed when DS9 ended because THOSE ARE ALL MY FRIENDS , GUYS . ) #criesatparadefloats	0
I think the lamest thing I've ever cried at was a Barry Manilow song , so I feel ya . 🙃	0
I'm on a Naruto binge currently , and I just can't stop . 💛	1
me with JJBA	1
HONESTLY , WHAT WOULD LIFE BE WITHOUT ANIME ? !	1
... apparently I'm at that level of emotional corniness where the DS9 theme plays on shuffle and I start crying	0
eXcUsE mE	0
this is such a Crime .	0
RIGHT .	0
I bought the ebook last year out of resignation and the vague hope that Robinson would see even a fraction of the money . ( 😢 🦎 )	0
I hope he does because he is Cool and Good ( like many of the other minor DS9 characters )	1
oh also before i go i've made lots of new mutuals on here	1
idk i heard other people say there were penalties for unlicensed awoos	0
we actually save a lot of time not having to manage db / cache / mq by using AWS stuff at work	1
is jane the virgin the only good cw show lmao	1
izombie and crazy ex girlfriend are also good i hear	1
Worst possible thing that could happen when your out and your waiting for your SO . <URL>	0
Which pen did you break ?	0
i ran out of lead ...	0
OH , well color me stoopid.Which pencil is that and what lead size ?	0
its 0.7 size lead . Ugly green comfortmate grip mechanical pencil . I did not come prepared 😣	0
They are like a real pencil ( you actually need a sharpener ) but refillable . I have 2 loaded up with 2B and 2H and swear by ' em . Far better than your typical mechanical .	1
But tbh i didnt really like using it ... mechanical was always my go to . But to each their own . Lol	0
i leaked my whole ass name on twt when i posted my grades for you and i havent even deleted it	0
Holy Fuck i completely forgot about that fsdhfjdsh	0
looking back on it like God what was my problem lmao i was such a pussy	0
How can people still genuinely believe Google cares about not being evil ‽	0
It's pretty obvious evil is just one of their numerous enterprises .	0
Evil ?	0
It's the capital E in the alphabet they have misappropriated :-)	0
so im scared of bad weather because i lived thru a tornado	0
i feel u .	0
i got some Sweet Trauma during a storm so they fuck with me too . solidarity	1
solidarity in like ... Fuck weather u kno like ugh fuck it	0
i would kick a storm's ass if i could	0
what space seems pretty real . next up is dinosaurs i guess	1
i dont have anything to contribute to society	0
just be yourself darling , youre naturally funny and so adorable !	1
Weirdos . All of the major targets are metro areas with immigrants ... and shit , just civilians in general . Fuck that .	0
he obsession with violence is off-putting honestly	0
killing your way to communism will surely persuade people and not make them think you're an evil dictator .	0
and they think the posadists are bizarre	0
went to the grocery store and bought a bag of carrots , now consider if you will that people took the time to design , print , and apply an ingredients label for that bag.Ingredients/Ingrédients : Carrots / Carottes 😔	1
I love that there's the French translation too .	1
I hope so ! ! Those are the real job creators .	1
one sone lies a	0
nd the other tells truths	1
correct u may now go on your merry way loyal adventurer	1
